Would you like to sit down?	"No, I'm fine standing up"	Are you sure you don't want to sit down?	Been sitting all day. Work was just one meeting after another.	"Oh, I'm sorry. I don't enjoy work days like that."	It feels good to stretch my legs a bit.
Would you like to go to the mall?	Sure I'd love to.	What time do you want to leave?	How about after my shower?	How long will that take?	Around 15 minutes max.
Do you want to get McDonalds?	No that food is too fatty.	"They have salads and stuff, too."	"I know but everything there just kind of tastes like McDonald's, you know?"	"I do know. I think that's kind of the point. We can go somewhere else, though."	"I'm sorry, it's just that I have been having issues with smells recently and the whole place smells like grease. Why don't we go to Subway?"
What do you think of the service here?	The service here Is really good.	I know! We must come back soon!	It's like the waitress could read my mind.	"Yes, she did a great job!"	We will have to leave her a 20% tip.
Can you tell me where the restroom is?	It is around the corner next door left.	"Thanks, I've been looking everywhere."	No problem! It's in a confusing spot.	That's for sure. Thank you again.	"Sure, not a problem."
Did the plumber check the drain?	"Yes, he did. It was clogged."	Did he try to snake it to clear the blockage?	"He did, but there was too much stuff to get out with that method."	So what did he have to do?	He's coming back to suction it in an hour. If that doesn't work then he'll have to open up the pipes.
What do you do at home?	I work on the computer.	Do you play games on the computer?	Of course I do.	What type of games do you play?	"Card games mostly, but also hidden object games."
Is there anything for me in the mail?	There are 2 letters for you.	Did you open them?	"No. They look like bills, though."	Open them and let me know for sure.	"I am not opening your mail, I will put it right here and you can open it when your ready."
How much will that be?	It'll be $4.50	$4.50? For a coffee? That is crazy!	Are you still interested in purchasing the coffee?	No way. I'll take a tap water with no ice.	You don't have to pay for ice.
Want to pick me up?	"Sure, what time?"	Stop by the house around 8:00.	Sounds good. I'll see you then!	Is anyone else going?	"No, it's just you and me tonight."
Did you call the theater?	"So sorry, I forgot to call the theater."	You can just go online.	"That's true, I'll do that now."	What movie is it that you want to see?	The lord of the rings.
What are you fixing for dinner tonight?	Chicken escalopes with salad.	That sounds good. I'm making fish and rice.	"Ew, I hate fish."	That's Ok. You weren't invited for dinner.	"Ha ha, that was a good one!"
When do you plan to start your new job?	At the start of the next quarter.	How exciting! What field are you going into?	My job is concerned mainly with computer networking.	Are you excited about the change?	"Yes, but I'm worried my coworkers won't like me."
Will you play?	"Yes, sounds fun!"	It is! After we build the blanket fort we are going to have a pillow fight!	I will destroy you! I'm a pillow fighting champion!	We'll see about that!	Where will we set up the fort?
Do you want to walk around the park?	"No, the weather is too gloomy."	It's not that bad outside!	Well there's a lot of rain and the thunder and lightning seem pretty close. You really still want to go out to the park?	Sure! Let me just grab my kite and my umbrella.	A kite? Seriously?
What time did you schedule our pedicures for?	Tomorrow morning at 10.	"Ok, you better not be late."	I already set my alarm.	"Great, see you then."	Are you coming with me?
Would you like to watch a movie on Netflix with me?	"Sure, why not. What should we watch?"	I'm sure there's another Adam Sandler movie. I think he makes one a week.	"Yeah, that's why we shouldn't watch one of them. They're too boring and predictable."	I think Deadpool is available. it's supposed to be stupid funny.	"No, i've seen it. It was worse than you could imagine."
Would you please pick up a birthday gift and a card for my granddaughter?	"Yes, I will get both of those for you."	What is she into right now?	"She really likes the screaming music, you know the one you can't understand."	"Oh well, I would need some advice then!"	No worries I'll get them.
What are you doing this weekend?	I'm going to the beach.	I hope it's not raining.	Yeah I want to work on my tan this weekend.	Do you mind if I come?	Wow I'd love if you join.
What's the dosage of my medicines?	I don't know. I'll have to check the labels on all the bottles.	Thanks. I'll have to write them down next time.	Let me get a pencil and do that for you now.	I appreciate it. It's hard to keep track of all this!	I'm happy to help!
"Hmm, what was that guy's name?"	I didn't catch it either.	I think it started with an 'S'.	It might have been Shane.	I'll ask him to remind me next time I see him.	"Good idea. Shane or Sean, I think."
What is for dinner?	"Whatever you're making for us, dear."	What do you feel like having?	Why do I have to decide?	"OK, then I'll decide, but you have to promise not to wrinkle your nose when I tell you what I'm making."	Not a problem!
How long have you been driving?	"You mean today or for my lifetime? Today for about a 1/2 hour; for my life, about 12 years."	I meant your lifetime.	Well there you go.	What cars have you driven since you've been driving?	That were mine? Two.
What are we having for breakfast?	Pancakes and bacon.	"Sorry, I'm allergic to bacon."	Should I make sausage instead?	No idon't like it	Well what do you want?
How did your vacation in California go?	"My vacation was great, thanks!"	Where did you go in California?	We went into San Fransisco to do the usual tour stops!	You should have gone off the beaten path. There's more to California than San Francisco.	Have you thought about checking out ghost towns?
Do cats like rain?	No. Because cats hate to get wet.	"But tigers love to swim, so maybe some cats like rain, right?"	You must be a lot of fun at parties.	And you must not know many cats.	"No, thankfully! I am a dog person."
Can you get me a blanket please?	"Sure, here you go"	"Thanks, can you wrap it around my feet?"	"Sure, is that comfortable?"	"Oh yes, that's wonderful."	Do you want me to massage your shoulders?
Did you go out last night?	"No, I stayed in and ordered pizza."	"Me, too! We should split one next time!"	"Sure, but we would have to split the distance between us as well."	"Yeah, you're right. That wouldn't work."	"Well, it might!"
can we discuss this once you are done reading?	Ok. We can discuss it after I finish reading.	How long do you think you will take?	I should be done in about 20 minutes.	"Okay, I'll just sit here and stare at you"	"That's creepy, why not do something else instead?"
Did you enjoy your meal here?	It was okay.	Mine was delicious.	Mine would have been better if it didn't have capers in it. I hate those things.	Don't forget to ask them to take them out next time. They'll accommodate you.	Great idea my meal would then be perfect.
Did you bring some new books?	"Yes, I brought some new books."	Did you bring anything really good?	"Maybe, depends on what kind of books you like to read."	I like to read the classics. Do you have any?	I have some of the Bronte's novels.
Do you know where my shoes are?	They're in the garage by the door.	What are they doing there?	I was mowing the lawn.	Wearing my shoes? Are they covered in grass now?	Well I hardly wanted to get my own shoes covered in grass!
Can you please get me some water?	Yes sparkling or still?	Whatever is easiest for you.	"Okay, coming right up."	Can you put a slice of lemon in it?	"Yes, let me get that"
"I love that author, are you enjoying the book?"	Yes I am.	You should join me at my book club meeting next Tuesday.	I'd love to! What time?	It's a seven p.m. Do you think you can make it?	I think I can be there.
What do you want to do today?	I'd like to go to the mall.	What do you plan on buying in the mall?	"I don't plan on buying anything, I just want to people watch."	What time do you want to meet at the mall?	I would like to meet at 3 pm.
Do you want to go swimming with me?	"No, I can't swim."	I can teach you how to swim.	When do you want to start?	We can start as soon as we can hit the beach!	"Great, let's go!"
What time are we having our family barbeque?	Probably around 4:00.	Awesome! I'll be ready for you to pick me up around 2:00 PM.	"Sure, can you bring some salad?"	"Sure, any kind in particular?"	"Mother-in-law likes Caesar, so anything else but that one!"
What are you eating?	Popcorn. Want some?	"Sure, please pass me some."	"This is so salty, you have anything to drink?"	"I have some water, would you like some?"	Yes please. Thank you.
Is it already spoiled?	Yes throw it out!	This produce went bad quickly.	"At least we compost, so it doesn't go to a landfill."	How interesting. How does composting work?	It's not hard really.
Do you watch TV?	I only download my shows over the internet.	What's your favorite program?	I really enjoy Game of Thrones.	"Never seen it, sounds stupid."	Why are you judging something you've never seen?
Did you call the repair man?	Sure did. He's coming tomorrow morning.	What time tomorrow?	Sometime between 9 AM and 5 PM. That was all he could promise.	Great. There goes my entire day off. I hope he shows up early.	"Me too, I hope you dont have to wait around all day"
Is there anything fun to do that is also affordable?	Nothing around here.	Not even a movie or an ice cream parlor?	Movies are too expensive these days. But we could get some ice cream	Is there a Bruster's around here?	"No, but there is a Cold Stone right around the corner."
Do you have any cash?	I don't carry cash with me.	Why don't you carry cash?	"Everything is a slide card now, where have you been?"	"Buying at small shops and food stalls, I guess."	"Oh, I guess cash does come in handy sometimes, then."
Why are you here?	I had nothing better to do.	"I have something for you to do, I need help cleaning the garage today!"	Oh I just remembered I have stuff to do. BYE!	"Yeah sure, you lazy bum."	You don't have to clean the garage today.
Can I please get a hot chocolate?	"Sure, I would be happy to get that for you."	How much will it cost?	"It's 50, but, I'll buy it for you."	Thanks. You don't have to do that.	"it's okay, no problem."
Could you stop that?	"No, I like doing it"	"Well, could you keep it down, it's kind of annoying?"	Put some earplugs in if you don't like it.	Okay stop doing it right now or you are grounded.	"okay okay,don't get mad"
Where can we go today?	we can go to mall	Would you prefer the outlet instead of the inside mall?	Either one is fine with me.	"I only got half of my allowance this week, that's why I want to go to the outlet."	"OK, that is fine with me."
Can I borrow a pen?	Yes you can.	"Do you have a red pen, by any chance?"	"No, only a blue one."	Blue one will do	Here you go.
Do you want to go the casino tomorow?	"Sure, I have a new system I'm certain will work."	That's what they all say. Which machine are you headed to?	The slot machines. That's where I always go first.	Beware the one-armed bandit!	I only take $20 and play until it's gone.
Where do you work?	"Currently, in the southwest region of the US."	Well that's not very specific.	I work in a small city in Arizona.	Do you like it there?	It's ok. small town so not much to do.
Any good news from my lawyer?	I'm still waiting to hear back from your lawyer.	"Okay, please let me know once you hear something from him."	Why are you so curious for me to tell you that?	"Well it concerns me, too."	What is all this about?
What time is dinner?	I can't be bothered to cook.	Are you just going to get take-out when you get hungry?	"Yeah, that's what I'm feeling like."	Want to get some chinese food?	"Sure, I'm hungry now!"
Can I please have a look?	You can take a quick peek.	Where did you find that?	It was in the garage.	"Ewww gross, what are you going to do with it?"	I'm going to eat it.
When did you come in the room?	I came in a few minutes ago.	And what happened then?	"I set down my purse, and that's when the doorbell rang."	Why were you in my room in the first place?	I was coming to say hi after a long day. No need to be defensive.
How is your family?	"Everyone is well, thank you."	Kids still doing well in school?	"Yes, Kristen made the honor roll and decided she wants to be a veterinarian. Ethan is loving his art classes."	"Smart and ambitious, these kids are going places!"	"To be honest, I'm a little worried about Ethan's math grades, but he has been working really hard and I think he's starting to improve."
Why are you cold?	I am always cold	Do you need me to turn the air conditioner off?	Maybe just turn it down. I don't want to inconvenience everyone else.	Or I could bring you a sweater.	no just turn the ac down a bit
What is your favorite movie?	I have a hard time choosing just one. Right now I really enjoy Deadpool and Star Wars Force Awakens.	What did you like about Deadpool? I heard it was a bunch of uninspired humor.	I really like the characters.	Well the main actor is very cute.	Wade Wilson or shall I say Ryan Reynolds is not my type but the detailing and the graphics of his action moves were phenomenal.
"No way, did he really?"	"Yes, he did."	I wonder why he did that.	He's such a jerk.	I'm sorry he did that to you.	"It wasn't the first time but I can promise it will definitely be the last, I'm done."
Can you fill out my tax declaration?	Yes I will do it later on tonight.	Sorry for the rush!	Not a problem at all.	I appreciate your help very much. Thanks.	Not a problem!
When did you come?	I came yesterday.	So why are you now just telling me?	Well I thought I'd surprise you.	I wish you had told me sooner.	"If I had told you sooner, it wouldn't have been a surprise. But next time, I'll let you know so you can bake me a cake."
Are we there yet?	We should be there shortly.	Are there yet now?	"Johnny, stop. You know we aren't there yet. I'll tell you when we're getting close."	Are we there yet?	We're turning around next time you ask.
How much homework do you have tonight?	Way more than I want. I've been letting it slide.	This is what you get for procrastinating!	Want to do them together?	"No, I'm all caught up with mine. Sorry!"	No problem. How long did it take you to finish it?
Could you come over whenever you've got time?	I'll be there at 8pm.	"ok, I'll be home then."	"Cool, I'll clear the driveway so there's room for you to park."	"Don't worry, I'll be riding my bike!"	Call when you arrive and I will open the garage for you to put your bike inside.
What did she say?	She said she never even got a message from you. What's the deal?	the deal is that I've been sick.	"So, you lied to her about sending her a message?"	"Not really, I intended to, but things got in the way."	what actually happened?
Does she have any friends?	More than I could ever imagine.	Are most of her friends females?	"No, they're mostly men."	"Better keep a close watch on that one. Beauty, brains, and athletic abilities just draw the men to her."	"I know, the struggle is real."
Do I know you?	No. Not at all.	I'm pretty certain we've met.	Maybe we went to school together?	"No, I think it is from somewhere else."	Well I don't seem to recall ever meeting you.
Where Is a good place to eat?	In the restaurant near the lake.	What type of cuisine is it?	It is Mediterranean.	Do they have Happy Hour?	"I am not sure, you may have to call them."
What's the weather like tomorrow?	Sunny with a chance of rain.	Means it for sure will rain.	"It probably won't rain, unless you forget your umbrella."	I hope it does rain then I won't have to water my plants.	We have a sprinkler system that does that.
Would you please warm up my food?	"Sure, I'll put it in the microwave"	"Thank you very much, that's kind of you."	Anything else I can get you while I am up?	"Can I get a glass of water, please?"	"yes, let me get some."
Would you want to eat again?	"Maybe later, my stomach's not feeling up to it."	Are you ill?	Just a little nauseous.	"Okay, I hope you feel better soon."	Thank you for your concern.
Could I please speak to a manager?	"Yes, M'am. I'm the manager."	I want to file a complaint.	I'm so sorry for your trouble! What happened?	I ordered a grilled cheese but was served a cheeseburger.	I'm very sorry this happened. Let me correct that for you.
Do you play any instruments?	I do not play a instrument.	"Too bad, latest study says people who play instruments live longer."	Maybe I'll take up the piano.	Good idea. I'll take up the tuba and we can start up a band.	Super. I'll look up when the next American Idol auditions are for us to try out.
What did you buy today?	"I bought a new pair of shoes from Amazon, and a book by David Foster Wallace."	How much did it cost?	"About thirty dollars for the shoes and twenty dollars for the book. I started reading it and I don't much like it, though."	That's unfortunate. What is the book about?	It's 200 pages long and only pictures of Wallace's childhood.
Where is my phone?	I think I saw your phone on the kitchen counter.	I already looked there.	"Oh, maybe it was the bathroom counter then."	I wasn't in the bathroom.	I'm sorry. I guess I haven't seen it then.
What made you say that?	It just slipped out.	Well now you're in trouble.	What are you going to do about It?	"Nothing, I think your wife already suspects and it won't be long till she calls you on it."	"Oh no, you're probably right."
Can I have a cup of coffee?	"Yes, do you want cream and sugar?"	"Yes, please, plenty of both."	I like lots of cream and sugar too!	It's the only way I can drink it.	"okay, lots of cream and sugar."
who did you go with?	I went with my husband and children.	Was the place children-friendly?	"Yes, it was absolutely child-friendly."	Did they have lots for the kids to due?	"they had an array of exciting things like games, face painting, and even some kiddie rides."
What time is it?	It is 10:30 AM.	"Oh gosh, it's still morning?"	That's what AM means.	I feel like it has been 3 hours since I got here!	The day does seem to be going by extra slow today.
What did you accomplish today?	"Oh, I went to Mrs. Miller and got my money."	Did you get it all?	"Yes, finally. Now I can afford a new car!"	That must have been a lot of money!	It is enough for a down payment.
Is someone moving in next door?	Next week somebody will move in.	Do you know who it is?	I think a college student.	"Oh great, hopefully they're not the partying type!"	"I don't think so, because the home is owned by the pastor and his wife, and I'm sure they would screen for quiet students."
Why is George crying?	He stubbed his toe	"Oh, I'm sure he'll be fine in a few minutes."	"Yeah, he's a bit of a drama queen."	"Yeah, he cries all of the time!"	At least you aren't having to deal with him.
What is an avocado?	It's a fruit.	"No, it is an delicious, exotic meat from Nigeria."	"Wrong, steak is a delicious meat, avocado is a fruit."	I know; I was just kidding.	"Avocado is a fruit and a member of the berry family, in case you didn't know."
How was your day?	Dull as dishwater. How about yours?	Better than your apparently.	"Yes, I would say so."	I think we need to spice up your life.	"Me too, but between work and the kids' activities, I barely have time for myself."
What are your goals for your stay here?	I want to learn a lot and do some networking!	Great! Would you like to sign up for any panels?	Absolutely I would!	You are so enthusiastic! Is this your first time here?	"Yes, how could you tell?"
Where is it from?	"I'm not sure, I just found it by the door."	Well let's open it!	But it's not addressed to us.	Who is it addressed to?	what is the address?
Where do you keep your class schedule?	In my class schedule carrying case. Duh.	Where do you put your case?	In its case.	A case inside a case?	Sorry I practice safe hygeine and don't want germs infesting my class schedule the way yours is.
Can you call my mother?	"Sure, do you know her number?"	I will have to look It up	"Okay, let me know when you find it."	Why don't you have your mother's phone number?	She changed it recently.
Can you help me to the bathroom?	come on then	"You could be nicer about it. I will just try to go, myself."	"I'm sorry, I was trying to be encouraging."	It's just that today hasn't been one of my better days.	That happens to everyone.
Where is the book store?	It's at the mall.	On which wing of the mall?	Malls can't fly silly!	I guess I asked the wrong person; what an idiot!	I was just kidding!
So whats the plan tomorrow?	The plan is not to die.	"You sound prepared, man!"	"Well, I'm doing the best I can."	"Right, you can never be too sure these days."	"Exactly, so besides staying alive, did you have any plans for tomorrow?"
Did we go to school together?	"Yes, you were a year ahead of me."	Maybe you were a year behind me.	"I was, you were in the same class as my cousin"	Can you get the facts right?	You are very clever aren't you?
How was your day?	It's was alright. We had a meeting at work about the new owners.	Did your company get bought out?	"Yes, and the merger isn't going too well so far."	Im very sorry.	At least my boss has given us his word that no one will be fired.
When willl you be coming back?	I'll be back in two weeks on the 8th.	Care to stop by before you leave?	"Sure, will you be home on Sunday afternoon?"	"Until 11, I have a brunch planned."	"I see, how about Sunday evening?"
Can you work overtime?	Not today sorry	Are you available to work the weekend then?	I can work on Sunday if that helps.	"Great, I need someone on Sunday from 9 to 9."	Will I get paid money or can I take an extra day off?
What kind of music do you like?	I love classical music especially the piano.	Who is your favorite composer?	"Chopin, of course. And you?"	For me it is batobin	"I've never heard of Batobin, tell me more about their work!"
Could you please put in the air conditioner?	"Sure, I can install it tomorrow."	"Did I stutter, I mean now"	Maybe you should install it yourself or ask Fred to do it.	Fred has pneumonia. He can't do it.	Well you have 2 hands of your own so maybe you should do it and drop the attitude.
What's in the big box on the table?	I got your sister a present and am going to wrap it up.	"It's already wrapped up. Are you forgetting things again, Mom?"	"Oh, I'm sorry. There were just a few things running through my mind."	So what is the present?	Its one of the juice machines you see on tv all the time.
Do you think it went well?	I think it went as well as it could have.	What could have been better?	It could have been a little shorter.	How long did it take?	A little too long for my comfort.
So when you turn sixteen are you going to go for your driver's license?	Yes I just can't wait!	Aren't you scared of driving?	Of course not!	I was terrified of driving when I was your age.	You were my age?
Have you met my brother?	I don't believe I have.	Let me introduce you to him.	"Before you do, I need to know, is he funny?"	He's hilarious. You're going to love him.	"Cool, let's have some fun!"
"Do we go for the tests, today?"	"Yes, lets go for the test."	I think you're a little too eager to go.	"The sooner we go for the tests, the sooner we can get started on making a baby."	I am a little nervous; aren't you?	Of course I am!
Can you bring me a mirror?	"Yes, just a minute."	"Okay, thank you!"	Do you know where it is?	It's on the dresser in your bedroom.	Why is it in my bedroom?
What was your favorite surfing experience?	Last summer in Hawaii is probably my favorite.	"Oh man, that sounds awesome, what was the water like that day?"	Huge waves bright sun it was awesome	"Wow, I would love to visit there!"	we can go this summer.
Can I have some wine?	Here is your glass.	Thanks so much.	What do you think of the wine?	it is so tasty	"Oh, do you have some cheese and crackers?"
Can you check my eBay account?	"Sure, what do you want me to look at?"	I need to know if anyone bought anything.	"Sure, what's your eBay name?"	It's under Mittens510.	I don't see any recent transactions.
What will be the color?	The color will be red.	"What kind of red, bright or deep?"	"A bright red, I guess. What do you mean by a deep red, though?"	"You know, like a dark red."	"Deep is more like burgundy, right?"
Where did you find that shirt?	The shirt Is good one and find In the shopping mall	Really? Which store did you find it in?	I found this here shirt all the way in the back of Spencer's under a pile of 15 others.	You are so brave and strong to lift 15 shirts up to find that one.	"Why thank you, and you are very clever and beautiful to have noticed my manly strength."
What color blanket is on your bed?	Depends on how long the cats have been sleeping there.	Before the cats have been laying on it.	"I can't even remember, possibly turquoise."	Too bad you don't own Russian Blues.	You think they would go well with my possibly turquoise blanket?
Have you ever been on a boat ride?	"Yes, but I get sea sick."	Have you tried getting some tablets to help that?	"I have, but they didn't even work."	So even with the tablets you threw up all over the boat?	Yeah even taking some motion sickness tablets. I mean it helped a little but I still felt sea sick.
Which country are you from?	I'm from the United States of America.	"You're very lucky, then."	I guess so. I haven't really thought about it.	You should certainly think about. There are so many benefits.	Perhaps you're right. I will look into that.
Can we go to bed?	No. We have too much work to do.	I just hope we can finish it before my favorite show comes on!	We will never finish the work in time.	Not with that attitude we won't.	"Well, we'll have to work more efficiently at lest."
Did you see that play?	"Yes, it was terrible."	That's good to know because I was thinking about going to see it sometime.	"Don't bother, it's not worth the ticket price."	I'll probably just go to the casino instead. Do you want to come?	Yeah. I love slot machines.
Want to go to the store?	Sure! Lets go.	Shall I drive or will you?	You can drive.	"OK, can we take your car?"	"No, I just got it washed and it looks like it's gonna rain."
Where is my blue shirt?	"You're wearing it, Dan. Time to get your eyes checked, buddy."	"Oh haha, maybe I should get them checked!"	Are you colorblind?	"No, I just can't see blue, green, red or yellow."	"That's being colorblind, Dan."
Would you pick up the book for me when you go?	Sure just text me in case I forget.	You forget everything. I will text you.	About what? I've already forgotten.	"Ha ha very funny, anyway it is the book by Stephen King."	What is the title? Stephen King has a lot of books.
What time is it now?	Time you got a watch.	I wish I have one but I don't!	"You really should get a watch, man!"	I'll go buy one tomorrow.	"Well then you know it's the day before tomorrow, ha ha!"
Where do you live now?	I live on Carlyle Ave.	Hey! I don't live far from there!	You should come over sometime.	How about tomorrow night?	Awesome! be my guest.
How was your day?	It was very good	Did you spend any time outside?	"Not much, it was rainy."	"What did you do, then?"	I stayed inside and watched movies.
Could you fix this?	If I have some help yes	Who should I call?	Nobody; I'm here to help any way I can.	So you're saying you're going to help yourself?	"No, I only need you to help me with it."
When did you call me?	I called you this morning.	Don't ever wake me up at 5 am. again	"I'm sorry, I forgot about the time difference."	"Well, always remember that I'm 2 hours behind you"	"I will, I'll try not to wake you up again."
Did you finish the list?	No but I will finish it shortly.	"Add eggs, please?"	Sure! Would a dozen work?	"Yes, and don't forget the cream while you're at it."	Is there anything else you need?
What time is the movie?	The first showing is at 7:30.	Do you think we can still make it in time?	yes we just have to leave early.	"Better hurry, then! I want to get some popcorn before the show, too."	"Yum! Me, too!"
What are your certifications?	I don't have any.	Are you going to try to get some?	"Not yet. I want to see how I do without them, first."	The job requirement specifically states that you need these certifications though.	I thought I could get by with my charm.
Where is the money you stored from last year?	I put it an a savings account.	That was smart of you.	I sure hope so.	I wish I had put my money into a savings account instead of spending it all.	"Don't ask me for a loan, please. I don't believe in lending money to friends."
Could you please help me find something to wear tomorrow?	Sure! Let's go see what you have.	Have you seen my new closet redesign yet?	"No, I don't think I have."	"It's the best ever, I can find anything easily."	I d love to see it someday.
Will you help me?	"Yes, what can I help with?"	I'm moving next Saturday. Do you have a truck?	I've got a small pickup truck. Are you moving a lot of stuff?	"No, I just have few boxes of books and clothes."	Okay well tell me a time and I'll be there.
Where should we eat?	At Jack in the box	I don't really like Jack in the Box. Can we go somewhere else?	Sure how about Taco Bell?	"Oh yeah, I love their wraps."	I really like their crunch wraps
Where did you get that great purse?	I found it online.	Did you get free shipping?	I always do. I have Amazon Prime.	It's not free if you pay $79 a year for it.	But it does ensure the most I'll pay for shipping will be 79 dollars per year and I do order alot of things online with Amazon.
Can I get you a glass of water?	That would be great.	Do you want ice in your water?	"No thanks, I like it warm."	"Okay, coming right up."	Thank you. You're so nice.
Do you have any pets?	"I have a betta fish, he is named Arthur."	Cool! I have one too!	I got him a couple weeks ago.	I also have a dog!	Cool I love dogs.
That's a great shirt where did you get it?	I got It at the mall.	How much was it?	It was $32 in the new store next to the theater.	Sweet. Was that the regular price or was it on sale?	That was the regular price.
Could I have some milk please?	"Yes, I will pour you a glass."	Thank you so much! I love milk.	"Well, we can't have cookies without milk!"	Do we have cookies here?	"Yes, chocolate chip or Oreos?"
Have you ever gone hunting?	"No, I have not."	Do you like the idea of hunting?	"I like the idea of eating meat, but not of killing it."	Do you go fishing?	"Yes, I love to fish."
Are these dishes clean?	yeah just done them	Then why are there noodles hanging from that plate?	Because I didn't scrub hard enough.	Can you please clean them again then?	i guess so.
Are you feeling well?	"No, I've been feeling sick for a while now."	Maybe you should go to the doctor.	Too hard to get an appointment. I might head to the urgent care clinic.	I can take you if you want a ride.	Yes please. I will feel much better if I had someone with me.
Can you bring that to me?	"Of course, I'll be back soon."	Thanks so much!	You are very welcome.	"Drive carefully, it's raining pretty hard out there."	"I will take it nice and slow, thanks."
Where are my pants?	"Sorry, I forgot to take them out of the Dryer."	"That's fine, I'll get them."	I hope they're done.	"Me too, I hate going to parties with wet pants."	If they aren't dry we can find something else for you to wear tonight!
I want some french fries?	"Okay, here you go"	"Thanks, do you have any ketchup?"	"No, just ranch."	"Ok, ranch will be fine."	"Here you go, Enjoy!"
When will you be home?	sometime after six	That's later than usual.	"I know, I work to hard."	Is this for the extra project?	Yeah I've been working every detail to the make sure my boss is happy. I think with all this hard work I just may get a promotion.
What kind of life is this?	a short one	"No time to enjoy it, that's for sure."	"We work such long, tiring hours."	I know and unfortunately that's part of life	I think we should make some time to do something fun.
"Hi! I am the store's manager, how can I help you?"	I'm looking for the salmon.	"Sir, this is a book store. Do you mean you want a book about salmon?"	"No, I need the actual fish. Can you help?"	"Then go next door to the grocery store, I am pretty sure they can help you with that."	"No, the book I'm looking for is called The Actual Fish. Do you have it?"
Do we have any cereal?	Yes in the back of the fridge	Why on earth is the cereal in the fridge?	I like it cool and it keeps it fresh longer.	"Alrighty, we all have our quirks."	At least it's not as weird as yours where you like to drink sour milk.
Could you please zip up my jacket?	Yes I can.	"Thank you, my arthritis makes it difficult for me to do."	Would you like me to get you two Motrin?	"Yes, please. I need to take some more."	Do you ever have to ask strangers to do that for you?
Do you know of any good places to eat?	"Yes, I do. It's a steakhouse."	I'm not a big fan of steak. Do they do other things?	"Yeah, but it's really a place for steak."	Maybe we can go someplace else?	Look at the menu first and see what they have.
What is your email address?	I will text it to ya!	Why don't you just email it to me?	I can do whichever is easier for you.	Email is definitely way easier for me.	I'll get it done in a minute.
What time Is the movie?	Stop yelling at me!	"I can't help, It my volume Is stuck on max!"	I'm not going to continue until you fix that!	It's really annoying when people shout at me!	Oh is it?
What you mean by yes?	"To clarify, I mean the opposite of 'no'."	So you have always loved me?	"Yes, I have always loved you."	"Interesting, why didn't you tell me earlier?"	Couldn't you tell by the way I acted?
How do you like your teacher?	She is a sweetheart. I love her.	Do you like her style of teaching?	"I do, she's very inventive."	What kind of things does she do?	She makes up funny songs about things so they're easier for us to remember and we play lots of games.
How have you been?	I've been good. Thanks.	Would you like to grab some coffee?	I am on my way to work. How about tomorrow?	"I can't do tomorrow, sorry. How about Friday evening?"	Busy. Saturday morning? We can find a place for brunch and take the whole family.
Could I get sugar in my coffee?	"Sure, how many teaspoons would you like?"	2 teaspoons please.	Don't you think that's sort of a lot of sugar?	"What are you, a dietician?"	"No, but I really think that's too much sugar."
"This is delicious, did you cook it yourself?"	No I ordered from the place on the corner.	What's it called?	It's called Momma B's Cucina.	"Oh, is that a new restaurant?"	"No, it's been around for ages!"
Do you feel pain?	Yes! It really hurts!	How bad is your pain?	"On a scale of one to ten, it's a 4."	"You have a very low pain tolerance, don't you?"	Considering I have had 10 broken bones in my lifetime I would have to disagree.
Check whether they deliver to UK?	"Okay, sure, I'll find out and let you know."	I look forward to hearing back from you.	No problem shouldn't take me too long to find out.	It's been a while. What did you find out?	They do ship to the UK and if you buy $100 or more shipping is free.
How old are you now?	Thirty-one and holding!	You don't look like you're 31 at all!	You're so kind.	No; I mean it! I figured you for 26 max.	"26? Well, now you are just teasing me."
Can you come to the party?	"No, I am sorry I could not come to the party."	"No problem,we didn't want you there anyway"	"Wow, what a nice thing to say."	i always say nice things	Yeah your a real charmer .
Who else caught the game last night?	I didn't get to see it because I don't have cable.	I am sorry to hear that because it was awesome!	Hopefully I get a chance to see the next game.	The next game is on tonight.	May be I can join you.
Where did Mona go?	I really don't know.	"Well, what would be your best guess as to where she might be?"	I can guarantee that she is most definitely not here.	I didn't ask you if she was there. I just wondered if you knew where she might be.	"No, I still don't know. Why don't we call her cell phone?"
"I am very cold, will you get me a blanket?"	"Yes I will, just give me a minute."	I will die if you don't give it to me now!	Then get it yourself if you can't wait!	"You'd like that, wouldn't you?"	Yes I would.
Fancy coming to the gym with me after work?	"No, because I have to meet with my kid's teacher."	"Nothing bad, I hope?"	"The usual. Nevaeh kept teasing Katie and pulling her hair, so Katie yelled at her to stop, and now for some reason Katie is the one in trouble again."	That's not surprising. She may be learning aggressive behaviors from her sister.	I think you might be right.
Are you still enjoying your job?	"Yes, they haven't completely stolen my soul yet."	How long do you think it will be until they do?	"Weeks, I guess. Months if they improve the quality of the coffee."	You could just bring your own coffee and save your soul.	"You are right, but I prefer otherwise."
Can you call the doctor?	"Yes I will, let me look up his number."	"The number is 911, fool."	"You said the doctor, not emergency."	"Okay okay, sorry i'm just in a lot of pain!"	That's okay. Let's get you seen to!
Where did I park the car?	You parked it in Lot A	Shouldn't I have a slip for it?	"No, this lot no longer uses slips. They scan your eye remember?"	"Oh, I hate that. It always makes me nervous."	It's the way of the future.
"It's very hot today, don't you think?"	"Yes, it is very hot today."	I blame global warming.	"That seems unlikely, but possible I guess."	Well it's a fact. They say so in the news.	You can't believe everything you hear.
Do you want to bike ride together sometime?	"Yes, tomorrow morning would be a great."	"I'm busy tomorrow morning, how about in the afternoon?"	"Sure, the afternoon works too. Prepare to sweat though!"	"I know, it's going to be a scorcher!"	"I know, supposed to be in the 100s tomorrow."
Did you have lunch yet?	"Not yet, I normally go around 1pm."	"Okay, can I come with you?"	"No, I really don't want you to join me, sorry."	"Why not? Did I offend you somehow, or do you just need some time to yourself?"	I just need some time to myself. I have a lot to think about.
Which button do I press?	Press the button on the left of the elevator.	Thank you. This one?	"Yes, that's the right one."	"So, it's kind of crowded today, huh?"	No it's always crowded.
Do you want to watch a movie?	Sure. Which movie?	I want to watch a comedy. How about Rush Hour?	"I suppose we could watch that, though I'd prefer something else."	DO you have any SNL recorded?	Yes there's around 4 of them on the DVR.
Would you like to got to the movies tonight?	I would love to!	Do you know what movie you want to watch?	"I don't care, you decide."	It'll be a surprise then!	"For me, not you!"
Have you seen my glasses?	I have not seen your glasses.	"Oh okay, I have misplaced them somewhere!"	Did you look on your desk?	"of course I did, you think I left them at the office?"	"It's possible, you can check tomorrow."
Can you please help me?	"Yes, what do you need?"	I need you to help me bring the groceries in please.	"OK, where should I put them?"	On the counter would be great.	Ok here you go. Need help putting them away?
What's your favorite dessert?	Molten Chocolate Lava cake with Raspberries	"Oh my God, that sounds grand!"	"Yes, let's go get some!"	I've been dying to try that new cafe. Maybe it's on their menu?	I'll pull it up online and find out.
Does anyone consider me their best friend?	Me of course!	"Mom, you totally don't count!"	Why don't I count?	Because you are supposed to be my mom and not my friend.	is that so?
How is your fiancee?	"My fiancee is doing fine now, thanks for asking."	Did he reobtain his driver licence?	What? He never got it taken away in the first place.	My mistake! I must have gotten him confused with someone else.	Do you know something I don't about him?
Is it close to time for dinner?	"No, dinner will be in two hours."	What are we having?	We are having macaroni and cheese	"Homemade, or the cheap box stuff?"	"The cheap box stuff, it's the best to me."
What do you want to do today?	Take a nap.	Are you very tired?	"Not yet, but I expect it to catch up with me in a couple of hours."	So you don't want to meet me for coffee in ten minutes?	Only if pastries are involved.
What did you think of the last episode of Outlander?	"I thought it sucked, much like all the other episodes of Outlander. Can we please talk about Game of Thrones instead?"	"No, not yet. I haven't watched the newest episode."	You need to catch up then.	You're right. I'm just puzzled by how you dislike Outlander but enjoy Game of Thrones.	Game of Thrones is just a lot better and more entertaining.
"Can I have some chilled water, please?"	It will have to be room temperature since I don't have any ice.	Oh that's not problem then.	"OK, be right back."	Thanks. Hope it's not too much trouble.	Of course not. It's my pleasure.
How has your dad been?	He's doing well.	"I saw him yesterday, he looked like he had seen a ghost."	He was meeting with his accountant yesterday. That explains it.	Does he have the same accountant he used to? I thought that guy went to jail for tax fraud.	Actually he's got a new accountant and they're going over all of his old taxes now. That's probably why he looked so bad.
What time does the bus leave?	"Around 11:30, I think."	Thanks very much.	Your welcome.	Does the bus stop at Tower Hill?	I'm not sure
What time will you be back?	I'll be back around noon	Make sure you pick up the mail before you come in.	"Fine, if you insist that that's what I must do."	What's with the attitude?	"I'm tired of the way you speak to me. Make sure to pick up the mail, it's just rude."
Where are you going?	I am going to sleep.	Of course you are. That's all you do.	That's because I have to stay up most nights cleaning because you won't lift a finger and I refuse to live in filth.	You're always so dramatic!	That is the biggest exaggeration in the history of the planet!
Can you please hurry?	I will be as quick as I can	Okay. We will be running a little bit late.	"Dude, it's good to be late, it's called fashionable."	"Late is still late, fashionable or no."	You get star like attention if you be late.
When do we need to leave?	No later then 9 or we will be late.	DO you think it would be faster to take a cab?	No way; but thanks for asking.	"Then what the heck are we going to do, walk there?"	"No, my mom said I could use her car if I fill it with gas when I am done."
Did you like the match?	"Yeah, it was pretty good."	What was your favorite part?	The one where the captain celebrated after his goal.	My favorite part was the snacks!	That sounds like you.
Can you make lunch now?	not right now.	What are you doing?	Answering silly questions on the computer.	Can't you go out and find a real job?	How will I take care of the kids if I'm off working a job?
Do you know of any good doctors?	"Yes, I have a good one."	How much is her consultation fee?	"Far more than you can afford, I'd bet."	Say's the man who sleeps in a cardboard box every night.	Says the man who doesn't have a doctor.
Where do you live?	I have a place in Narragansett.	That's nice. How do you like it?	"I love it, but it gets so crowded in the summer."	"Is it on the coast, or is it inland?"	"Inland, but I can see a little tiny bit of water from the second floor balcony."
What do you like to do for fun?	"Just for fun, I like to tell corny jokes."	"You're joking, right?"	"No, why, does that seem weird?"	"I guess not, but where do you get fresh material?"	"Anywhere! Walking around town, or watching videos online."
"Doctor, will I ever move my hands?"	it is possible	How soon will I know if I'll get movement back?	A year at best.	But my typing test is tomorrow!	Well that's not going to happen is it?
Why did you choose that?	Because it's my favorite color.	"It doesn't really go well with the shoes, though."	"Well, I have a bag to match with it."	"ok, if you're sure you can make it work, go for it."	You know I can rock this look.
what is it like up there?	"It gets cold during the winters, but it's not too bad."	I couldn't deal with the cold.	You just get used to it.	"I guess so, but don't they get a lot of snow up there, too? I hate snow."	Guess it's good you live elsewhere then.
Have you found a job yet?	I sure have!	Yes! Congratulations to you!	Thanks! I can't wait to start.	So where will you be working?	In McDonalds by the promenade.
Do you like eating at home or at a restaurant?	Home most days.	You must be a good cook then.	"Yes, I've been cooking all my life and I really enjoy it."	What is your favorite dish to cook?	All of them!
Are you allergic to dogs?	"No, I only have seasonal allergies."	Does that mean you'll be able to dogsit for us?	Sure I can dogsit for you.	"Thanks a lot, I can never find a sitter."	It can be tough to find one out here in Alaska.
"What happened, why you need my help?"	My house Is on fire!	I'll be right over.	"Hurry, it's going to burn down!"	I already called 911!	Thank you so much!
Are you new here?	"Relatively, yes. I've been here about three weeks."	So you're new then.	I'm starting to feel more at home here though!	Do you need any recommendations?	"Yes, any help would be appreciated!"
Could I have something to drink?	"Yes, what do you want?"	Do you have any diet soda?	Yes I do have diet soda	Oh that will be good.	"Thanks, I appreciate it."
Is there any change in my condition?	I have know idea.	That's not very reassuring.	"I am sorry I cannot give you the reassurance that you seek. But if it's any reassuring, people with your condition usually stay functional for an average of 10 years after diagnoses."	"There's still hope something might change, though. Right? I read something about that when it's in the early stages."	"There are some life changes that may help, but there is no conclusive evidence that these changes will make improvements in your condition."
What is your name?	My name is Clarice.	That is an unusual name.	That's why my parents chose it.	So what about my name? does that make me a usual person?	"No, not at all."
Is it too late?	Not if it's before HIGH NOON.	"I think it's at three p.m., so I guess that wouldn't work."	"No, sounds like it wouldn't."	You are confusing me.	"Oh! sorry, yes it is too late for me."
Do you have any times open next week?	"No, but I do the following week"	"Alright, cool! Put me down for a haircut next week."	"Sure, what day works best for you?"	Wednesday works best for me.	Perfect. I have three openings on Wednesday. Do you prefer morning or afternoon?
Anyone up for a card game?	"I'm in, how about a game of poker?"	"I was thinking more of Uno, but that's fine."	"Okay, I'll play either one."	"Ok, where are the cards?"	In the hall closet on the middle shelf.
How old were you when you moved here?	I was 26	"That's young, do you like it here?"	"Yes, I love it."	What was your first impression of this city when you first moved?	It was so exciting!
What hours are you open?	Today we are open from 8 am to 9 pm.	What days are you open?	We are only open on Mondays.	Why are you only open on Mondays?	We don't like customers very much.
Can you help me?	Not right now.	But I'm about to drop everything!	"Oh, okay, sorry."	"Thanks, I shouldn't have tried to carry so much."	"Boy, you really stocked up at the grocery store."
What's on your mind?	Just thinking about the future!	"Stay in the present, young padawan."	"I try, but it is so hard."	Yes it is very hard. That is why it takes lots of practice.	Thank you All Knowing One.
Did you tour a college this weekend?	"No, I graduated from college 15 years ago."	Is that what I asked you?	That seems a little harsh. I don't have any reason to tour one.	I feel like we got off on the wrong foot. Let's start over.	"I didn't go on any college tours this weekend, no."
Would you like to watch the game with me?	I would love to watch the game with you.	I love spending time with you.	The feeling is definitely mutual.	Should we grab something to eat before hand?	"Yes, definitely! Are you hungry for a pizza?"
Have you tried that new coffee shop on the corner?	Yes their muffins are amazing!	Have you tried it?	I have they make amazing drinks.	We should go there together some time.	I'm down right now!
Did someone pay the insurance bill?	"Yes, I did."	"I know, but is the policy up to date?"	Yes it is.	"Ok, I just want to make sure that we are covered, just in case something happens when we are on vacation."	"Sure, that's alright."
How was your day?	It was great.	"So was mine, everything went well."	That's great to hear!	"So, where do we go for dinner?"	"I feel like having sushi tonight, are you okay with that?"
Did they like your proposal?	They loved it.	"Oh my God, that makes me so happy to hear that!"	"Me too, I'm so relieved."	"Me too, because I like it"	"What, in particular, is your favorite part?"
Where is the dog?	Last time I saw him he was in the kitchen.	Make sure he doesn't have mud on his feet.	Why would he have mud on his feet?	He might have been outside playing in the mud.	"Got it, will check."
How long until the cake is done baking?	About five more minutes. You need to be patient!	But it smells so good!	It will taste even better.	I can hardly wait!	Why not go to the store and get some milk while you are waiting?
Can you get me some nail clippers?	Yes I can	I really need to clip these nails.	I hate when mine are out of control.	Do you need new nail clippers too?	Mine still work fine.
Do you like the food?	"No, I didn't like that food that was so spicy."	Would you have liked it if it were less spicy?	"Maybe. I did like the flavors, I just did not like the spice."	What did you like the best?	The wedge salad was great.
Do you need lunch money?	"Yes, please. Ten bucks should cover it."	"There you go! Please, if there is any change left, give it back to me."	Thank you! I'll get it back to you right away.	Lunch was a lot cheaper when I was younger	"Yeah, you're old. I know. Haha!"
Hi what is your name?	My name is David.	"Hello David, my name is Kevin. I have a beard."	"Yeah, that's kind of obvious."	Don't you like beards then?	"Yes, I like beards, but I also have eyes and can be a pretty observant person."
What is the weather supposed to be?	Rainy and cold but no snow	"That's good to hear, I don't have a snow shovel."	You should head out and pick one up before the first storm!	"I suppose, but I'm too lazy to go right now."	Haha! You'll regret it!
What would you like for lunch?	I think that we should go to Texas Roadhouse for a steak.	But I told you I became a vegan!	"Oh sorry, I keep forgetting. Well, I think they sell salads too."	You're so insensitive.	Sorry. Lets just go have a nice salad.
Do you want to go running today?	I hurt my knee yesterday.	I'm sorry to hear that. I guess I'll have to go it alone. I hope your knee get's better!	"Yeah, I hope so too. I'm going to see a doctor about it today."	"Well, good luck with that."	Thanks so much!
Did you fight with mom?	We had a minor disagreement.	What was the disagreement about?	She didn't like my dinner suggestion.	What did you suggest?	Curry and pita bread.
How did you do that?	With lots and lots of practice.	How long have you been playing?	For a little over five years.	Who is your teacher? It looks like it would be fun to learn.	It is a lot of fun.
Was your visit a good one?	"No, my visit went horribly, it rained the entire time."	"Oh man, that stinks."	"Yes, it was very disappointing."	Did you at least manage to do what you had planned?	"No! I ended up sitting in my room all day waiting it out, but it never happened. Oh well!"
I heard that you planted a garden?	I did plant an herb garden.	Which herbs did you plant?	"I planted basil, cilantro, sage, and thyme."	"Oh, how is it growing?"	Its growing fine.
Could you please put a little salt and pepper on my potatoes?	I sure can.	Awesome! Thanks so much!	Tell me when to stop.	One can never have too much salt and pepper on one's potatoes.	"Mmmm, and butter. Salt, pepper and buttery potatoes are the bomb!"
Has Sarah agreed to Tracy's proposal?	Yep. They are tying the knot in July.	"How beautiful, a summer wedding!"	"I know, let's hope it's not too hot though."	"Are they getting married here, or going somewhere?"	"They are doing a wedding in the park, which will be lovely, but warm."
What have you done lately?	Just work and take care of the kids.	How old are your kids now?	They're eleven and fourteen.	What are their names?	John and Marry
Can I use the computer?	"Yes, come here and sit down."	"Ok, thank you."	You are welcome.	What is your password? I can't get logged in.	"Wait, let me type that for you."
Can we eat something else?	"Oh, you don't like it? Sure, I'm sorry, let me see what else I have."	Cereal would be good. Do you have any?	"I do have cereal,what kind would you like?"	Do you have Lucky Charms?	"No sorry, I don't have Lucky Charms because I'm not 11 years old. You are 35 Mike, you need to start acting like it."
Do you think we will be able to go to the play tonight?	"Yes, if daddy gives us permission."	I hope he does.	I hope so to if not we can ask mommy	Mommy always says yes.	"Well, one of them will need to bring us, so I hope at least one says yes."
Have you read the news today?	No I missed today's paper.	There was a big article about a new political scandal.	what did it say?	Why don't you read it for yourself?	I'm too lazy today!
"I'm heading to the fourth floor, want to catch the elevator together?"	"Certainly, but I want to go to the second floor."	That's not a problem.	"Ok, there's the elevator"	Can you push the button for the 2nd floor please?	"Yeah, no prob."
"I didn't see you for ages, how are you?"	"Great thanks, I was just on vacation backpacking through Afghanistan!"	"Wow, did you take any pictures?"	"Yes, I have about 500. Would you like to see them?"	I can't right now. Can you come over this weekend and show them to me then?	Heck yea! I will even throw some food on the bbq and we can make a day of it!
What time do we need to arrive by?	We need to arrive by 3 pm	Then that means we need to leave here by 2pm.	Are you driving or am I?	You should drive this time.	ok I will drive
What date is it?	Today is the 20th of July.	Are you sure it's not the 21st?	I just looked at the date on my phone.	"Oh, ok. My days are starting to run together; can't keep up with what day it actually is."	I get like that too sometimes.
What did he say?	He said you never called him and he was wondering why not.	I lost his number.	Did you lose it on purpose?	"No, of course not!"	I lost it when I was sorting through the mail.
Do you remember that time we saved that bird in the park?	I do. It was great.	Sometimes I wonder if the bird remembers us.	"Remember us? I doubt it, but I guess you never know."	Maybe we could find an ornithologist and ask him how well birds remember people.	Seems like a lot of work though.
Did you watch the game last night?	no had to work late	You really missed a great game.	Don't spoil it! I have it on my DVR.	So you really don't want to talk about the game?	No. Not until I watch it first.
Do you like turtles?	"No, because one bit me once."	What did you do to make a turtle bite you?	"Well I was putting my finger in front of it's mouth to check it wouldn't bite me. But then it did, so now I hate turtles and am still oblivious to my own stupidity."	"Dude, you'd better stay away from all animals I think."	I try but they keep following me home. I don't know what to do!
Does anybody know where I left my hat?	You left it on the table.	Thanks. I've been looking for it all day.	Want me to go get it and hand it to you right now?	That would be great. Could you also place it on my head for me?	"I guess so, here you go."
Can you help me get ready?	"Yes, you should wear this"	I would rather wear something black	"Fine, then find something yourself."	Could you help me decide between these two black items?	I like the one on the left more.
What are your plans for the evening?	I am going to catch up on my shows.	Do that tomorrow.	"No, I have plans."	What are you doing tomorrow?	I have tickets to the ball game and Sam and I are meeting for early dinner then heading over.
How was your weekend?	It was great spending time with family.	Where were you?	We all piled into the truck and headed down to the lake for a barbecue.	"Sounds like fun, I should do that with my family next time"	"Yeah, it was a good time."
What did she say?	"Not all that much, honestly. She seemed pretty upset."	"I bet, it's a pretty bad situation."	I hope she can take some time off from work.	They told her she can have all of the time she needs.	"That's good of them, she really needs it."
Why he is not here?	Because he wasn't feeling well.	I am sorry to hear that.	He will probably be well soon.	What's wrong with him?	He has strep throat and a double ear infection.
How was your week?	"Long, I am glad it is Friday."	Aren't we all glad it's Friday.	Friday is our reward for surviving Monday through Thursday.	I hear you. What are you doing tonight?	"Out to eat, want to join?"
Can you give me a recipe?	Depends on what you want to cook.	The special one you have for chicken and dumplings.	"Oh, I don't know. That's actually my mom's secret recipe."	Please? It is my sweet-heart's favorite. I promise not to publish it on the 'net.	That's what you said about my honeymoon photos.
Do you think I have what it takes to be a model?	"No, because you're too short."	There must a need to model for short people.	I don't know. Do short people buy clothes?	"Yes short people buy clothes, but no one wants to see short people on the runway!"	"That isn't true, celebrities make appearances on the runway all the time and they often much shorter than the average model."
When will the game start?	It starts in 30 minutes.	Who are you rooting for?	The home team.	That is who I am rooting for also.	Come over and watch it with me.
Are we done yet?	it depends on what you consider to be done	"Way to be snarky about it, jerk."	"Well it's a team project, so we both decide when it's done."	"Well, I think it's done. What do you think still needs to be done?"	i think we need one finishing touches.
"Sorry to hear that, can you tell me what happened?"	Not right now.	Why not? I thought we were close.	Not as close as you think.	I'm sorry you feel that way.	"How else I'm I supposed to feel, we just met yesterday."
Is there any ice cream in the freezer?	"No, but there are some ice lollies."	"OK, can you please grab me one?"	"No, you get up and do it your self."	"Well that's the last time I grab you something from the store, mate."	"I won't pay the rent this month, bloke."
Would you like a drink?	"Yes, a glass of water please."	Would you like ice with your water?	"No, I can't stand water with ice in it."	Why do you dislike ice in your water?	It's too cold and it hurts my teeth.
Would you like to have lunch with me?	I'd be delighted to have lunch with you.	Do you have any preferences?	There's a new restaurant over in Oakdale that I've been wanting to try out.	Fun! What kind of restaurant is it?	It's Thai Food.
Where are you going?	To the zoo and a movie	Awesome! Can we come too?	"Sure, if you hurry. We're leaving in 30 minutes."	"Cool, thanks. This should be fun!"	Don't you want to know which movie we are seeing?
What breed of dog is that?	"She is a mix breed, schnauzer and poodle."	Mixed breed dogs are the best kind.	I just love all dogs.	"Oh, yeah that's cool."	Where did you get her from?
"I need to use the restroom, can you tell me where it is?"	"Go up those stairs, to the left."	Thank you. Have a good day.	You as well.	Before I go do I need a key or anything?	"No, it's unlocked."
Can we go to the store later tonight?	"Yes, around what time?"	Is 11 pm fine for you?	"Yes, that's perfect."	"Cool, I'll call you when I leave the house."	my phone is broken remember?
Can you fix this?	yeah no problem I'll be there soon	"Great, I'll be waiting anxiously."	And I will be moving hurriedly.	What is your estimated time of arrival?	"I will be there in 15 minutes, estimatedly."
Does it contain Soya?	It isn't listed on the ingredients so I would have to say no.	Thank you for checking.	"You're very welcome, I hope I'm right."	What do you mean you hope?	I heard that food companies sort of disguise ingredients in food?
Why don't we go out for a meal later?	"Alright, where should we go?"	How about Panera?	"Sounds like a plan, man."	Do you know if they have any new salads?	Was there a spicy chicken salad on the menu? Something with a little kick.
Have you ever visited Spain?	"No, but I'd love to see the bull run. How about you?"	The bull run sounds dangerous and inhumane.	"I guess, but there's lots more to see and do."	We could go throw tomatoes at each other.	That sounds gross and messy.
Do you like dogs?	"I despise dogs, but I love peanut butter."	Are you more of a cat person?	"I love cats, and also peanut butter. But not together."	Why do you like peanut butter so much?	Who doesn't love peanut butter?
Where did you buy your house?	I got it from an old lady who lived here before.	How long have you lived in it?	I have lived here for 10 years.	I heard your house is haunted.	That's not true at all.
When will we meet again?	Who knows? Next weekend maybe?	"Maybe? Why, what's going to happen to me? What do you know?"	Nothing. You're being paranoid.	I am not being paranoid.	"Yes, you are one hundred percent being paranoid!"
Do you want to go to the pool?	"Okay, as long as those kids aren't still there. They're really kind of annoying."	"Oh, I don't want to go if there are annoying kids there, either."	Do you know if there is an adults only pool here?	"No clue, but we should ask."	Do you want me to call and ask?
How long have you worked here?	I started last January.	Have you learned a lot?	Yeah sure. In five months I've learned how to put condiments on buns. Huge accomplishment.	if you hate it so much why have you been here five months?	Ever heard of rent?
What is his name?	His name is Ken.	Where did you meet him?	We went to college together.	And you just happened to run into him?	We were standing in the same line at Starbucks.
Can you tell me one more time?	"Sure, you have to double-click on the icon."	Which icon do I click on?	You click the small yellow icon on the bottom right of your screen.	"Thanks, now I see it."	Is it working now for you?
What breed is she?	She is a labrador retirever.	Is she obedient?	"When she wants something, yes."	What do you feed her?	Oh the usual grain free diet
Will my wheelchair fold properly?	"Yes, It should."	If it doesn't I am sure we can tow it behind the car.	Do you really think that towing it will be safe?	I'm not sure if it's safe but it's the only way we're getting this thing home	I don't think that's a good idea though.
How are the kids?	They are acting horrible.	I'm sorry to hear that.	"Yeah, they need to be punished."	That sounds a bit harsh. Try checking what they want first.	"Sure, because I haven't already fed them, taken them to the park, turned on their favorite movie and offered them crayons, playdoh and silly string."
Where was the last place you looked for it?	I looked in my room.	"If you kept it tidier, maybe you'd find it."	Hahahah you're so funny.	Since it's lost forever in your room of doom lets go get another one.	But I've had this one for ages! It's my favourite.
What was that noise?	The landscaper just started the mower.	How long will they be mowing?	"A couple of hours, I guess."	Are they going to edge also?	That's not in the agreement but if I ask him nicely I'm sure he will do it.
Are you going home?	"Yes, I'm gonna make some dinner"	Let's go eat at a restaurant instead. My treat.	Sure where would you like to go?	I'd like some Thai food.Then how about some ice cream?	Wow seems like a great idea.
Do you have headphones I could use?	"Yes, I have a spare set."	Nevermind I found mine.	Where did you find them?	They were underneath the couch.	"Hey, did you happen to feel a flip flop while you were down there? Mine left shoe has been missing for over a week."
Can you open this please?	"No, I can't seem to get it, either."	I think we need a new can opener.	I will pick one up.	All right then.	Do you need money to buy a new one?
How did you do?	I believe I did pretty well.	Shew! You probably did a lot better than myself.	"Oh come on, I'm sure you did great."	"Nope, I'm a loser, baby."	Not in my eyes.
Why did she leave early yesterday?	The vet called about her dog.	I hope everything is alright with her pet	she just needs to pick it up.	"Oh, that's relieving."	Trust me. If anything was wrong with her dog you would have known today.
Do you like Dramas?	"Sure, as long as they're not too melodramatic."	"They are dramas, they are meant to be melodramatic, aren't they?"	"I don't think they have to be melodramatic, do they?"	I guess you can be dramatic without going overboard.	"Speaking of overboard, have you tried that sailing trip yet?"
"Can I have some orange juice, please?"	"Certainly, let me get you a glass."	"Can I have some without pulp, please?"	"I'm sorry, I only have extra pulp."	Can we run it through the strainer?	Sure! I'll be back in 2 minutes.
When did the cat get out?	Probably sometime in the afternoon.	Did you find her yet?	"No, of course I haven't. That's why I'm putting up Cat Missing signs!"	"Well, where did you look already?"	Around the block.
Do you have any specials?	"Yes, they're listed on the wall."	I was thinking more extraordinary specials.	Would you like me to see what the chef could whip up?	Maybe a Mediterranean seafood pasta?	"Are mussels, shrimp and calamari all right?"
What should we drink today?	It's really hot outside. Let's get some lemonade.	Where do you want to get it from?	"Let's get it from the house a street over, they have a stand out right now."	"Alright, I'll grab some change."	I like to patronize local businesses.
what time is the dinner?	Dinner is at 6.	What are we having?	The menu is Italian today.	What kind of sauce did you get?	The kind with mushrooms and eggplant.
Why don't we go out for a coffee?	Sure. Let me go get my purse.	Where do you want to go for coffee?	well find something on the way.	How about Big Foot Java? The people there are really nice.	I don't really go to a coffee place for the people.
Can you check it?	"yes, there is a coat check up front"	Is the coat check free?	"No, of course it's not. What kind of club do you think we are at?"	"One where the coat check isn't free, evidently."	"This is a business I'm running, not a charity."
Which is the closest date I can get for my next appointment?	I'm sorry the soonest I can get you in would be 2 weeks from now. June 8th.	"Oh that's fine, I can wait 2 more weeks."	So I'll put you down for June 8th.	If that is the best appointment you can get me.	"Yes, that is the next available appointment. I have confirmed your appointment for June 8th at 1:50pm."
Are you going to the school reunion?	"No, I'm busy that weekend."	It's only every ten years!	Yes it is and I have the right to choose whether to go or not.	Well then I will go and have fun without you!	I hope you enjoy yourself!
"Excuse me, do you remember me?"	I am so sorry I do not remember you.	We met at Jans party.	There were so many people there though.	I was the guy who put the lamp shade on his head.	"Oh, yes. The one everyone disliked."
Did they get a divorce?	"I don't think so, I think they are just taking a break."	I guess that's better than getting divorced. They should try and work it out.	I agree. They should try to work it out.	Well I hope they do work it out.	Me too. It would be too bad if they have to get a divorce.
Do you like going to art openings?	"Yes, I really enjoy seeing the new paintings."	Did you know there's a new gallery downtown that's opening next week?	"No, what's it called?"	It's called michael anchalo's gallery	Do you know their opening hours?
What is your favorite restaurant?	My favorite restaurant is Good Food restaurant.	Is that the place on 1st street next to Doug's Dogs?	Yep. That's the one.	Do you want to come with me this afternoon?	Yes. Is noon a good time for you?
Where did the time go?	I feel we wasted an entire day	What did we actually do all day?	Sat around and watched Netflix.	"Well, Netflix and chill isn't a complete waste of time. Still we should put in at least a couple hours into that paper."	"And waste a perfectly good evening? Let's go for a walk, grab dairy queen and then burn off the calories on the walk back."
Where is the remote control?	It's on the table.	Can you get it for me please?	"Sure, no problem! Here it is."	"Thanks, I can't wait to watch the new episode"	Have you seen this show from the beginning of the season?
Why are you acting like that?	I don't know what you think is different.	You have been very short today.	Sorry we can't all be six feet tall.	"I'll come back when you're in a better mood, short fry."	Bring me ketchup when you do.
Want to grab lunch?	"Yes, I'd love to."	Where should we go?	How about Chinese?	Sure! The new place down the street?	"Yeah, I haven't tried them yet."
When did you guys come?	About 10 o'clock	How did you come? Your car or public transport?	We took the bus to get over here.	I didn't know the bus ran that late on Mondays.	If you didn't think the bus ran that late on Mondays then why did you bother asking if I took public transport?
What is your name?	My name is Alina.	That's a beautiful name!	I have a boyfriend.	Does it mean are you engaged?	It means it's not something I want to discuss right now.
Why did you move here?	I moved because of my job.	What company do you work for?	A shooting range. can you tell I have loss of hearing?	I was wondering why you were shouting. Will you take me shooting sometime?	Yes! I can take you whenever you would like. when are you free to go?
When are you free?	Not until next week	Let's get together next week then.	Sounds like a date!	Where would you like to go?	I would love to go to the park.
Can I get change for a dollar?	"Yes, do you need quarters, nickles, dimes, or pennies?"	Four quarters please.	Too bad I only have pennies.	"In that case, I'll just keep my dollar."	"Have a good day, sir."
Will you help me look for my cell phone?	No because it's in your hand	"That's not my phone, that's my mothers cell phone."	"I'm sorry, I didn't know you had the same one."	Have you tried calling it yet?	"No, I'll try it now."
Can I have something to eat please?	No you may not.	How come I cannot have something to eat?	Because I don't have anything prepared.	Don't you have anything to snack on?	"Fine, yes. But you have to go get it yourself."
"I am doing well today, how about you?"	I've been better.	What is wrong?	My dog died.	I am sorry about that.	Thanks. It was unexpected.
What time is it?	It is 10:30 AM.	"Cool, time for bed."	Still working the night shift at the newspaper?	"Yeah, it's a hard shift but it pays the bills."	It seems like a good gig.
"Can you fix my collar, please?"	"Of course, I'll help you with that."	"Thanks, I really can't get it myself."	Why can't you reach It?	Because I lost my arms in a car accident. Why are you yelling at me?	Oh man I'm sorry about that.
When did you do that?	Late last night.	You shouldn't have done it.	I know but it was fun.	Not for the sheep.	How do you know that?
Where are you going?	To the store.	Pick up some waffles for me.	"I never offered to get you anything, did I?"	"No, but it is the polite thing to do."	okay will bring it.
What happened in today's match?	There was a big fight and like half the team got ejected.	Oh sad! Whose fault was it?	I blame the coach.	Did the coach get thrown out too?	I don't think he was. I didn't get to see much because of all of the commotion going on and people moving out of the way.
Who let the dog out?	"Your nephew, of course."	Will you help me catch the dog before he eats the neighbor's trash again?	I'll do my best.	"Good, that dog loves to eat trash and my neighbor gets really mad"	"Maybe if you fed him well, he wouldn't be looking for food in other people's trash."
Have you seen the new film?	"Yeah, I saw it on opening weekend. It was so-so."	"It had really good reviews though, I think I'll see it anyway."	Go ahead if you want to.	I guess I'll see it with Steven.	You told me you weren't seeing Steven anymore!
What time did you go to bed?	I usually try to get in bed around midnight. Often I don't fall asleep till after 2.	What time do you have to get up?	Luckily I am off tomorrow so I can stay up until the sun comes up!	So what do you do in the wee morning hours?	I have my breakfeast
Could you please help me with the laundry?	Not if you're shouting at me.	"I'm sorry, but I'm not feeling well."	Okay just calm down. I'll do the laundry.	Thank you for helping!	I hope you feel better.
How does my hair look?	It looks nice today.	Thanks! You will never guess who did it for me.	Who did it?	Remember that cheerleader from the basketball team with the red hair? She's working at the salon near my office now.	"Wow, she's done a pretty great job!"
What are your plans after graduation?	I'm not sure what my plans are.	Have you thought about college?	I've considered a few schools.	What school's have you considered?	"Stanford, Berkeley and Penn."
What time is it?	It's 6 o'clock.	What time are you leaving for work?	In an hour.	What time will you be home?	"I'm not sure, I need to stop at the store on the way home from work."
Do you know how to sew?	I've known how to sew since I was little	Can you teach me?	I can sew your lips shut.	Awesome! I've always wanted that.	"Jokes aside, I can teach you sometime."
Did you start the dishwasher?	"Yes, I started the dishwasher."	"Thanks, can you help me clean the living room?"	Sure I'll help you clean the living room. But after that I would like us to go for a nice walk.	"I am not feeling like going for a walk tonight, I am pretty tired."	So how about we go for a walk before we clean the living room?
How did my boss take the news?	Not very well	"Yeah, he handles everything like that"	"He said he was gonna fire you, dude."	I better go talk to him. Wish me well!	"Good luck, Mike!"
"You came early, did you get off work early?"	"Yeah, we were pretty slow so they sent me home"	Is work usually this slow?	"No, this is unusual."	"Well, I hope you get to work a full day tomorrow."	"Not me. I'm salaried, so I'm hoping I get sent home again tomorrow."
Can I get up?	"No, it's too early to get up."	How long until I can get up?	Two more hours.	Two more hours? I'll be so bored!	You have to rest your legs from all the walking yesterday.
Did you watch the game last night?	No I fell asleep early.	You missed a good game. Those last five minutes were intense.	Oh? What happened?	Nothing. I don't want to ruin it for you.	I appreciate that.
Can we buy a pony?	What do you think?	I think you're the best parent ever!	That is exactly the response I was looking for!	What do I have to say to get TWO ponies?	"You have to say, Grandma will pay for them."
May I take your order?	I'd like a Coke and a grilled chicken sandwich with fries.	And I'll take a Dr Pepper and a hamburger	"Okay, I'll be right back with your drinks."	"Thank you very much! I'd like extra ice in the coke, too."	Would you also like me to drink the coke for you?
What is your favorite sport?	"Jumping rope while playing chess, is my favorite sport."	That sounds tough. Are you good at it?	"I am good at it, but I can't seem to find anyone to play it with."	Why do I get the feeling you're pulling my leg?	I can't imagine.
Have you met my kids?	Not yet I haven't	I'm sure you will love them!	I can't wait to meet them!	"They're looking forward to meeting you, too."	lets meet this Saturday for dinner.
When did you last eat?	I last ate about 3 hours ago.	How are you hungry already?	"Because, I'm a bottomless pit."	I don't understand how you remain in such good shape! Share your secret!	Secret is good genes!
Where are you going?	To the store	Pick up some milk please.	"I'll get a gallon, and I know we're out of eggs too."	"Thanks, you're such a doll."	"I've asked you to stop calling me that, Barb."
Can you pick up some more?	I can pick up as many as you would like.	How big is your truck?	I have a 20 foot flatbed.	"Good, when can you head over there again?"	I'll be over there tomorrow.
Why are you taking so long?	Because I want to.	Why do you want to take so long?	Because I can do whatever I want to.	Yes your highness lord of everything.	That's the spirit loyal subject.
Do you like to make art?	I do when I have time.	"Your art is good, you should try and set aside time for it."	"I should, but I've been really busy with work lately."	"Well, I really hope it lets up soon. I like your stuff a lot."	"Thanks Grandma, that is sweet of you. How's Grandpa doing?"
Can you repeat that slower?	"Ok, here we go."	"Thank you, it's hard for me to hear."	No worries! I have that problem when my allergies bother me. Where should I start?	At the beginning please?	"Alright, I'll talk slower this time."
What do you think of it here?	"It's nice, a little too quiet though."	"We can turn up the music, if you'd like."	"It isn't really the lack of noise, it's the lack of activity."	If you have a deck of cards we can play a game.	Do you like to play poker?
How is everything with you?	"Pretty good, you?"	"Very good, life is great!"	"Really? Are you sure? If something's wrong, you can totally tell me."	"Well, I'm having some problems at work."	what kind of problems?
What is that noise?	That noise is the the firetruck leaving to go to a fire.	Can I come?	"No sweetie, only the firefighters can go."	Maybe I should become a firefighter	You would make a great firefighter!
Why don't my friends visit any more?	"It might have something to do with your personal hygiene, kiddo."	I can't help it if my shower is broken.	Use the shower at the gym then. And deodarant.	I don't have a gym membership. How about you let me use yours?	I'd be happy to!
Want to grab dinner?	"Sure, what time is good for you?"	Around nowish would be good.	I didn't realize you were so hungry!	Well it is past lunch time.	"Well let's go to the buffet, then you don't have to wait long for your food."
What is your favorite type of fruit?	I love good peaches when you can get them.	What's your next favorite fruit? Good peaches can be hard to find.	well if I can't find peaches I love watermelon.	Neither one of those is in season right now. Do you have a third choice?	Red grapes are always great for a snack.
How was your day?	Bit boring really.	Shall we change that up then and go out on the town tonight?	Sure. What did you have in mind?	Dinner and dancing at the club.	"Sounds wonderful, what time?"
Do you have any pets?	"Yeah, I have a few."	What kind of pets do you have?	"I have some goldfish, a cat and a dog."	What kind of dog?	A chocolate lab. Do you have any pets?
What time are you going to be home this afternoon?	I thik I will be home around midnight	Why are you out so late on a school night?	I have to go to the bookstore before I stop by Sarah's birthday party.	You need to study more than you need to party though.	"Yeah, said no one ever!"
What have you made for lunch today?	"I didn't, I need to step out for lunch today."	Awesome! Can I go with you?	Sure if you want to go to the grocery store down the street that has the salad bar.	"Ok, the grocery salad bar sounds like a good lunch."	I think they have a bakery too. We should see if they sell cookies individually.
Did you see the game last night?	"I did see it, it was amazing!"	LeBron looked sluggish though.	I agree. Must not have gotten enough sleep.	They all have to pull their weight. It didn't help that Kevin Love had to leave the game.	Hopefully he's not hurt too badly.
How late did you stay at the party?	Until just after midnight.	What time did you get home?	I got home just before 1am	Did you get lucky?	I sure did!
How come you didn't come to the party?	I got really sick.	I hope you feel better!	Thank you it is just alittle bug though.	Make sure you drink plenty of fluids.	I did and I'm feeling much better.
Are we almost to our destination?	Not far away	Will I need my passport?	No you won't need your passport until we come back.	Are they going to search our bags?	They might check our bags.
Do you think I should write back?	"Yes, I don't think it will hurt to try."	What do you think I should write?	"I'm not sure , say whats on your mind!"	I'm just going to text him that I'm not interested and he needs to move on.	Be nice though!
Are there places to eat near?	Yes. McDonalds and Applebees	Let's go to Applebee's!	"I've never eaten there, do they have pizza?"	"I don't think so, but they have good wings."	"I don't like wings, they are messy."
Do you know which search engine I should use for recipes?	I usually use Google.	I don't like Google. Is there a better one?	Have you tried a specialized search engine? I like the one at allrecipes.	I have never used that but I will give it a shot.	If you do use that site search for the Tuna Souvlaki Pasta. Also they have a bunch of Ramadan recipes too!
What did you get mom?	A new bathrobe.	Did she say she wanted one? I bought her a gift certificate for the Spa because she was saying last week she wanted to go there.	That's nice too. But I'm quite sure mom will like my gift better. Because it's from her favourite child.	"I'm sure you mean my gift, because I'm her favorite child."	She will like both of our gifts.
"Hi, what's your name?"	My name is John.	"It's so nice to meet you, John!"	Likewise. I'm sorry. I didn't catch your name.	My name is Frank.	"How long have you been coming here, Frank?"
How old were you when you first started learning English?	From the day I was born.	Then where is your accent from?	It's a French accent.	Did you live in France?	Yes I lived in Bordeaux for 13 years.
Where did you go to college?	I went to college in New York City.	What was your favorite part of living in the city?	Coffee on every corner.	"Wow, that's really sad"	No way! I had so many coffee dates you wouldn't believe it!
Where is the bathroom?	"Look out for the sign, it's just up ahead."	"Oh, I see it, thanks."	I'll meet you right here as soon as I get out of there.	"OK, what are we getting from here?"	I was hoping we could grab some lunch.
What's on sale at the bakery this week?	"Sir, this is a hotel, and I've told you several times already today that such a sentence is not a code for any special services at the hotel. Please stop."	Listen; my friend told me this was a place to get hash brownies so cough up the goods!	Leave or I will call the police.	But I am the police!	Good then you're already here!
Are you free tonight?	"No, I have a date with my couch."	Mind if I come over?	Only if you bring pizza!	"Okay, but what time do you have to get ready for your date?"	I'm always ready to sit on my couch!
How did Sam get such good grades?	He studied constantly and worked with several tutors.	How much did the tutors cost?	I think like $50 a session.	Not a bad return on investment I'd say!	"Yes, I am quite satisfied with his results."
Which shampoo do you use?	I use this stuff I found at the dollar store. It is only a dollar and has color protection for my hair!	Wow! I wouldn't think that coming from the Dollar Store!	"I was surprised, too."	You are braver than I am. I would be afraid it would fry my hair.	"Well, it did make some of my hair fall out, but the color protection is still great."
When is your next test?	Sometime in July.	"Well, good luck."	Thanks! You're so kind.	Do you think you will pass?	I've been studying up a storm so I hope I pass.
"Hello, how are you?"	I'm good. How are you?	"Awesome,thank you so much"	"Well, have a nice day."	"You, too. Nice to see you."	Nice to see you too. Tell your sister I said hi.
When will the nurse come to see me?	She is on her way and will be here within the next 15 minutes.	Ok thank you.	No problem. Are you comfortable?	"Yeah, I am pretty comfortable."	Do you need a refill on your water?
How did that happen?	I'm not sure.	What do you mean you're not sure?	"I mean that I could give an answer, but I'd have a pretty good chance of being wrong."	You must have been super drunk.	"We may have been drunk, and I may have forgotten, but I was able to convince you not to drive that night."
Could you repeat that please?	"Sure, I said 'hello'"	"Oh, that's not at all what I thought you said."	What did you think I said?	"For a second there, it sounded like Oh No."	"Oh, nope, I was just saying hi!"
Where do you think you are going?	"I really want to go to the mall, can I?"	I guess you can. Ask first next time.	"Okay, I'm sorry."	While you're there can you buy me some socks?	What color would you like?
Do you know if it is raining yet?	"I don't know, I haven't looked outside."	Does your phone not have the weather?	I never feel 100% sure unless I can see it for myself.	I know what you mean; weather apps are so often inaccurate!	We both have serious problems if we can't trust that it's raining until we actually feel it touching our bodies. Perhaps we should seek psychiatric assistance for our trust issues.
Did you take your pills?	"No, I forgot to take my pills"	Aren't they for forgetfullness?	"Very funny. No, of course they don't make pills for that."	"What a shame, you really could use some of those!"	"Haha, I believe they should indeed."
When will you come back?	"Right after I drop the kids off at hockey practice, why?"	"Great, can you please pick up some milk at the store on your way back?"	"Sure, do I need to pick up anything else while I'm there?"	Get me a box of donuts; I need to put on some weight.	"No donuts, Dear; We are starting our diet today."
Where is my good coat?	In the closet.	Has it been dry cleaned?	"Yes, last week. The cleaner even sewed on the loose button."	Thank you so much honey! I love that coat and have missed not wearing it. I am taking you out for dinner tonight as a thank you.	Thank you Honey! that is so sweet of you!
Is your mom coming to visit tomorrow?	"Yes, after lunch."	Do you mind if I stop by? I would love to see her.	"Absolutely , she would love to see you also!"	How is she doing?	"She is doing well, she had surgery last week so she has been resting."
Where is the meeting room?	Down the hall to your left.	Has anyone else arrived?	Yes a few people are already in the room.	Good; I hate being the first to arrive.	"Don't forget to greet everyone, those are very important clients."
"What have you bought, today?"	Groceries and dog food	Good. We need more dog food.	Did we need groceries too?	Yes! It's not just the dog who needs to eat!	"Yes, we need to eat too!"
How's your wife doing?	She's better now that she's had the procedure done.	"I'm so glad to hear that. Give her my best, would you?"	"Of course, she'll be happy to hear I saw you today."	I know! I have been thinking a lot about you guys lately.	You're very thoughtful.
What are your summer vacation plans?	I don't have any plans yet.	You should come to the beach with us!	I am not sure. I think I may just get a part time job this summer. Tired of eating ramen noodles.	You could work for a couple of months and then take a week off.	You should learn to love more and judge a little less.
Why haven't you done anything?	I'm not feeling well.	"Why, what's wrong with you?"	I have a really bad headache.	Maybe you should step away from your computer and phone for a bit.	You literally pay me to be at my computer and phone all day. Are you offering me a paid vacation?
Are you getting married?	Not any time soon!	Of course you are!	"No, I'm not."	"Good, then you can take off with me to Bermuda."	Don't I wish?
Where did you buy your wallet?	I found it in the street.	Did you try to return it?	It did not have anything in it so I don't know where I would return it.	It was probably stolen and tossed after the money and credit cards were removed.	I think I will turn it in to the police.
Can you pass me that object?	I will give it to you.	Thank you very much	You're quite welcome	Can you pass me the thing next to it too? I can't remember what you call these things!	"Sure not a problem, would you also like the others next to it?"
Are you feeling ok?	I feel fine.	I am asking because you look really pale and tired.	I had trouble sleeping last night but the coffee is starting to kick in.	"That reminds me, I need a cup myself."	How could you ever forget your coffee?
Will you call my husband?	If you need me to. What should I tell him?	Tell him I will be late	"Fine, though you could really do that yourself."	I'm making the pie filling and I don't want to get jam all over the phone.	"Oh, no problem. I'll call him."
Did the car get dented up?	"No, it didn't."	Is the other car okay?	"No, more like a total loss."	Did anyone get hurt?	"No, the other driver was totally drunk but somehow came out without a scratch."
Is there anything on TV tonight?	I don't know. Look it up on your phone.	"Alright, just give me one second."	One. Time's up!	You knew what I meant smartie pants!	"I know, I know you hate how literal I am."
Can you even cook?	"Yes, I can cook very delicious meals."	Maybe one day I can taste your cooking.	This weekend? We could get a dinner party going.	Sounds good. Who shall we invite?	How about Jack and Diane?
Is it a bad thing that I don't receive my medication in time?	Yes. Medication should be taken in a timely manner.	Who can I complain to?	You should call the head nurse.	What is the head nurse's name?	I don't know but I bet if you press that red button someone will show up
Can you pick me up?	"Yes, whenever you are ready."	"I'm ready right now, come right now!"	Ok I'm on my way	Call me when you get here.	"Okay, sure thing."
Is it raining outside?	"No, but it might rain later today."	"Will it get colder, too?"	"I'm not positive, but a taking a sweater with you might be smart."	I will. Thanks for the warning!	"You're welcome, have a good time."
What room is he in?	He's down the hall in room 112.	How long has he been there?	For about 2 weeks.	What has he been doing all this time?	"I am not at liberty to say what has been going on in his room, but you are more than welcome to go see him."
What do you think it means?	He is just not that into you!	"Well that's a little harsh, you don't know that!"	No but I'll bet my next paycheck on it.	Well I will take that bet.	Be prepared to lose.
Do you know the time of her flight?	I have to look it up	I was hoping to say goodbye before she left.	She'll be back on Monday. It's only a short business trip this time.	I don't know what I'll do with myself until she gets back.	We could hang out together on Saturday.
Where are your dressing rooms?	At the back on the left	Can I bring all of these clothes in with me?	Only if you promise not to steal anything.	What is that supposed to mean? You know what; never mind!	"Sorry, just trying to be funny."
What is the weather like?	It's sunny outside.	I think I will do some gardening today.	That sounds like fun!	I love watching my flowers bloom.	Mind If I help? I love blooming flowers more than life itself.
Can you open the door for me?	"Yes, sure I can."	"Thank you very much, son."	You are very welcome father.	Now go and clean that trash heap you call your room.	But I don't even live here anymore
Who is this and where do you want me to pick you up?	"It's Bill, and I need you to pick me up at the store."	"I will be right there, don't go anywhere."	Ok I'm out front by the kids electric train.	Ok. I will be there in about 10 minutes.	"Please hurry, this train is driving me nuts."
Can you turn up the volume on the television?	"Sure, as soon as I find the remote."	Can't we just go up to the television to turn it up?	"Yeah, if I wanted to."	You may be the laziest person I know.	"Then again, it may be someone else."
Could you come over?	I can come later today.	"Ok, I'll be waiting."	Want me to pick up anything?	"Yes, a box of KFC would be great."	okay will bring.
Did you remember to take your library books back on Tuesday?	"Yes, stop nagging me!"	"Don't talk to me like that , I was trying to help"	It's not helping if I don't want you to do it.	Well I'm your mother so I will nag you if I think you need it.	"The only thing that keeps me from running away, is dinner!"
Did you get a gift?	yes a starbucks card	Do you like Starbucks?	Yes but they're expensive.	But their coffee is sure good.	There really is no comparison.
Has the doctor arrived?	"No, not yet."	But we have waited as the first in line for two hours!	"I'm sorry, he's really busy."	This is a medical urgency!	I will go find out what's the hold up. give me a moment please.
How was your weekend?	Just fantastic. How was yours?	It was fun. I went to the amusement park.	What rides did you ride while at the park?	I went on a few roller coasters.	Do they have the nasty one with all the loops?
What movies are in your top 5 of all time?	"Police Academy, Police Academy II, Police Academy:Mission To Moscow, Baby Geniuses and Metropolis."	I see you like the deep intellectual stuff. Nice	"Yeah, that's why we aren't friends."	Then why are you standing here talking to me?	I'm conducting interviews with people who enjoy trivial movies.
Are you kidding me?	"Yes, I was."	Well that was inappropriate.	"I'm sorry, I won't do that again."	Thank you. Let's talk about something else now.	What do you want to talk about?
When will it be fixed?	I would estimate it should be fixed by tomorrow.	What time tomorrow?	"Probably seven o'clock. I'm not sure, of course, as I can't see into the future."	Well if it's done by seven we can get dinner afterwards.	I'd like that. Where would you like to go?
Did she agree to go with you to the party?	No she did not.	"Well, just mark her off the list for future adventures."	Doesn't that sound kind of harsh?	"Yeah maybe a little, but it is better to be safe than sorry where the heart is concerned."	"I don't know dude, you've got to give people second chances."
How was the gym?	My workout today was really hard.	Well it will get easier the more you work out	I think it's easier to just quit.	It is but not as rewarding.	"True, maybe I'll keep on for a while yet."
When will you call me?	"I'll give you a call Friday when I'm off work, sometime after 5pm, and we can make arrangements."	"Change that to 6pm, 5 is dinner time."	How about you call me when you are done with dinner?	That sounds like a plan.	I'll check movie times at the new cineplex. Any preference?
How are you doing?	I am doing well. How are you doing?	"Doing as well as can be expected, I guess."	Are you sure everything is okay?	"No, do you want the long or short version?"	I've got time. Whatever version you want to tell is fine.
Where are my keys?	They are on the side table.	Who put them there?	"You did, when your phone rang."	"Right, I can be forgetful sometimes."	I find it helps if I put mine by the door all the time.
What's your favorite hobby?	I enjoy treasure hunting.	Where do you go treasure hunting?	The tropics are the best!	"Oh, that sounds nice. Do you need a traveling companion?"	I usually travel with my dog.
Did you enjoy your meal?	"Yes, it was quite good"	Would you like dessert?	"If I eat dessert, my stomach will explode."	"Okay, no dessert for you then."	I could go for a coffee though.
Would you like to order a pizza for us?	"Okay, tell me what you want on it."	"Just cheese, please, extra if you don't mind."	"Oh, add mushrooms too."	What about sausage and salami?	Screw it we will get everything.
"Sure, when do you want me to pick you up?"	An hour maybe	"Okay, I'll see you around 6:00 then!"	"Great, I can't wait to see you!"	"Be ready, you usually take forever!"	I'll set my clocks ahead a few minutes so I'm ready on time.
Why did she go with Patrick?	Because she is in love with Patrick	What does she like so much about Patrick?	She likes everything about Patrick.	What do you think of Patrick?	I think he is a spoiled brat to be honest.
Do you enjoy cold weather?	Yes it was a nice break from the heat.	Where are you from?	Arizona. The heat can be unbearable there sometimes.	So I have heard. Have you ever thought of moving someplace a little cooler?	"From time to time, but I get over it."
Can I watch TV?	After you finish your homework.	I already finished.	"Then go ahead, son!"	Thanks! My favorite cartoon is on.	You are welcome!
Did the professor say we had to do any extra problems?	"No, but there is extra credit if you are interested."	Do you think we should do the extra credits?	"Yes, they are hard but it means we won't have to take that statistics course."	"Sounds good, you do the work and give me the answers."	"How about no! Let's share the work, it'll be quicker that way."
Should I pick you up?	No I'll walk	Thank you though. I might need a ride back home if that is ok.	Sure I'll be leaving at 11pm.	Okay I will text you if I need a ride home.	"Uh oh, let me make sure I have my cell. I always forget it."
Where is the car?	In the parking lot.	Is the tank full or I will have to go to the gas station?	You'll have to stop at the gas station	where is the nearest gas station then?	Just a mile after you exit the parking lot.
Where can I catch the bus?	The bus stop is at the end of the road.	Thank you for your directions. It looks like it may rain.	You're welcome. I think the bus stop is covered.	I sure hope so.	"Well here, take my umbrella just in case."
Will Eva help me with my studies?	"Yes, she is an excellent tutor."	"Thank god! I was looking for someone who could teach me, my exams are near."	"Yeah, you'll like her. She's very smart."	"I hope not too smart, where she can't get on my level on understanding."	"Oh no, she is the best. help me pass my finals."
What time do you want to leave?	I would like to leave at noon.	"OK, make sure you have your things ready."	Will we need to bring snacks or are we stopping for lunch?	We will stop for lunch but snacks are good too.	Do you have a snack preference? I'd like to get something we all like.
Do you carry plastic garbage bags at this store?	"No, but we do sell reusable bags if you'd like to purchase one."	Are they reusable shopping bags or reusable garbage bags?	Reusable shopping bags that can be used for garbage bags	Who the heck would do that with those bags? No thanks	I guess you'll just carry around all your garbage then.
What did you have for breakfast today?	I ate cold pizza.	I think cold pizza is disgusting.	"I think your face is disgusting, but I was able to use good manners and keep that opinion to myself all this time."	"Wow, that escalated quickly. Geez."	As usual between us!
Can I have a cookie?	"No, honey, you have to have dinner first."	when are we having dinner?	Dinner will be ready in about 30 minutes. It won't be long.	"Are you sure I can't have a little nibble, pretty please?"	You can have a baby carrot to tide you over.
Can you give me your contact number?	Yes. Put it in your phone so you don't lose it.	"Actually, can you send me a text instead?"	I will text you in a second.	Take your time!	"Okay, I'll do it in a few minutes."
Can I make it up to you?	"Well, you can certainly try. This better not happen again, though. I'm serious."	I'm so sorry! What do you need me to do?	I need to feel like I can trust you.	What can I do to make you trust me again?	"I don't know, but it's going to take time. Trust doesn't just magically appear when you want it to."
Is it still raining?	"Yes, it's a monsoon!"	I can not make it tonight	Ok. Hopefully ma see ya soon!	"Yes, a little rain storm won't stop me"	But a monsoon will?
Can you turn on the television?	"No, you can get up and turn it on yourself."	You never do anything for me.	I do things for you all the time!	Give me an example.	Who pays for the lights to stay on? Who's car do you take to work everyday? Those are two examples for you.
Could you please help me pick out a cell phone provider?	I think sprint is best	Sprint took me to court over a unpaid $16 bill.	That's ridiculous. What about Verizon?	"Sure, what are their rates?"	"I have no idea, I'm with Sprint."
Who did you vote for?	I forgot to vote.	How on Earth could you forget to vote?	Because I have a lot on my mind.	You only vote once! What could be more important?	Anything is more important than voting.
Who is at the door?	It is the guy who lives next door.	What does that weirdo want?	Probably to complain about the noise again	"You realize he can hear you through the door, right?"	Pretty sure he heard you call him a weirdo too.
"I don't know where he went, have you tried calling him?"	I did but it went straight to voicemail.	Did you leave a message?	"I did, but who knows if he will check it."	"I know his usual hangouts, I'm going to get in the car and go find his butt. He knows I will drag his butt out of a party if he is at a party."	"You are certainly a very dedicated teacher, Mary Kay."
What time is it?	It is a quarter after 10.	"Oh! I really need to get home, then!"	Have a safe drive!	I will thanks.	its ok dude
Will I be able to sit for the exams?	"Yes, we have desks for you to sit In."	"Great, I'd look silly sitting on the floor."	Why did you think you would have to sit on the floor?	Well it is a yoga exam. I'm surprised they are supplying desks.	"Well I am suprised I am still shouting over this, but here I am, shouty mcshoutface again!"
How was the show?	Terrible. The worst show I've ever been to.	"Oh my gosh, what are you going to tell her?"	"I'm not going to tell her, I will lie."	Are you sure that's a good idea?	No. I guess you are right. I should just be honest.
Have you ever tried chocolate covered ants?	I would never eat that.	Have you tried them?	What part of never do you not get?	"Well, yeah, I guess that makes sense."	What makes you ask that anyway? Do you have some?
Could you recommend a good book to me?	"Yes, you should read Infinite Jest."	I said a GOOD book.	It's a pretty funny book.	We must have totally different taste in reading material.	To each his own.
How is your leg now?	It's getting better.	Have the doctors told you how much longer before it heals?	"No, I haven't wanted to hear that yet."	Why? it's no harm in knowing the truth.	I just feel like knowing when it should heal will have me constantly waiting on that day. I would rather not know.
Can I please have a glass of water?	If you would like one yes	I'm so thirsty I could drink a whole ocean.	You shouldn't. It's saltwater.	"Well, how about the great lakes?"	yes you can
So what do you have planned for dinner?	I'm sort of hoping to go out.	Where are you planning on going?	To a Mexican restaurant.	"Mexican food is my favorite, can I come along?"	I guess. I don't think anyone would mind.
Do you prefer cars or bikes?	I prefer cars so that I can bring people along with me.	I feel the same way.	Do you want to go on a road trip next weekend?	"Sure, shall we hit up Vegas again?"	"No, I'd rather head into Santa Monica."
What happened at the party?	People danced and had a good time.	What time did the party end?	About midnight or so.	"I assumed it would go later, that's why I didn't go."	"No, it wasn't a late night party at all."
Can you help me with my shoes?	No I can't help because I don't know how to tie shoes.	"Fine, I'll ask mom."	"You go ahead and do that, then."	"OK, be right back."	Just so you know Mom doesn't know how to tie shoes either.
How are you doing today?	Pretty good so far.	That's good. It's always nice to have a good start to a day.	What did you do?	So far have just gotten coffee.	Any big plans for the rest of the day?
"Wow, nice shoes! Where did you get those?"	Thanks! I got them online at Amazon.com.	Were they expensive?	"Well, kind of. But they were exactly what I've been looking for, so it's worth it."	"Maybe I will get some new shoes too, I need some."	"If you need shoes, be sure to check Amazon."
What happened to make you feel that way?	She broke up with me.	I'm sorry to hear that.	What should I have done differently?	"I'm sorry, man. I just don't know."	Why did she have to leave me? I could have changed.
What will you do tommorow?	I have class at 9 and then am free for the rest of the day.	Can you come to the mall with me?	Sure. I need to buy some new socks.	Great. We can grab some lunch while we are there.	Sounds good. Want to head to Chipotle for lunch?
Did you get the payment?	No not yet.	"Hmm, I may need to speak with your supervisor then."	Please speak to him soon.	I will let you know what I find out.	I really appreciate that.
Do you have any Aleeve?	Let me check.	"Thanks, I have a terrible headache."	I sympathize since I suffer with migraines.	"That sounds horrible, how often do you get them?"	"Every few weeks. I have medicine, but it's at home."
Can I have a cup of coffee?	how do you take it	Light and sweet please	I only have skim light and chemical sweet. Is that okay?	That will work if that's all you have.	okay coming right up.
"Where are my red socks, do you know?"	In the dryer.	"You didn't put it on a high heat, did you?"	"I did, sorry."	"It's ok. I'll probably have to get some more, though."	yes you will
What date is today?	It's may 25th.	What day of the week is it?	Today is Wednesday.	"Jeez, I'm really kind of lost nowadays."	Really? What's been going on?
Where should we go tonight?	Dinner and a movie sounds good.	"Sure, but please not the Olive Garden again for dinner."	How about Hamburgers somewhere?	"I don' know about hamburgers, how about pizza?"	"Pizza sounds good, but I want to have a burger next time we go out."
Did you let the dog out?	Yes but he is back in now.	Could you make sure he's dry?	"Okay, let me check."	Make sure he doesn't have dirt on his paws either.	He is dry and has no dirt on his paws.
"This room stinks, can you open the windows?"	"Yes, I'll do that now."	Thanks. It already smells better in here.	"Would you like me to light the candle, too?"	If you wouldn't mind.	What smell would you prefer?
Is the Air conditioner on?	Yes. Is it still warm in here?	"Yes, I'm still sweating due to the heat. I think the air conditioner is not working well."	So call someone to fix it.	"Why do I always have to call? You know how to use a phone, too."	"You don't always have to call. But I'm working now and you have some free time. So call, please."
Can you put the baseball game on the TV?	"No, I do not like baseball, but you can turn it on in the family room."	You can come and watch it with me and see if you change your mind?	"No, thanks maybe another time."	What is it you don't like about it?	"It's boring. It's quiet, there is no real point to it. I just don't get the fascination with baseball."
How are you doing?	"Very well, thank you."	Do you have any big plans for the weekend?	"My plans for the weekend are so big, that they will cover next weekend as well."	"Oh, it's one of those weekends."	Yes it is indeed!
How is your mom?	She's doing great.	Good to hear.	How are your parents doing?	Good. Just on their way to Florida for the winter.	"I would love to spend the winters in Florida. Who am I kidding, I would love to spend all seasons in Florida."
Will you sign this?	Yes I will.	"Don't forget to read it first, you could be giving me access to your cash."	I'll be sure to read the fine print. Thanks!	I've been surprised by how many people don't read the fine print.	I will not be one of those people
How are your allergies doing now that spring is here?	I don't have spring allergies.	I must be thinking of someone else.	You got that right.	You are the person who gets migraines then?	"Yes, you're giving me one right now."
How are you doing?	I'm doing okay	You sound down. Are you sure?	"Yeah, I've just been having a lot of stress at work."	I thought things at work were improving?	They are but we still have more work than time.
Could you help me with this?	"Sure, how far did you get with it?"	"About half-way, I think."	"Alright, what's next?"	I'm not sure; I ate the instructions this morning for breakfast.	We can search online for a copy.
How much is it?	"Well, because we're friends, I'll only charge you $50."	That's still not good enough.	What would you think is more reasonable?	I think $40 should be more than enough for that.	I spent $60 for it new and never used it so I need to charge $50
Do you have thread?	"Yes, I have sewing thread. What color do you need?"	Do you have any purple?	I might have purple. Let me look.	If you don't have purple I think black would work as well.	I have purple and black as well
How is your day?	Just fantastic. How's yours	"It's going well, actually. My brother was just released from jail today."	Oh great! I want to see him!	"Ok, but you have to go to his house, he's has an ankle monitor so is not allowed over 200 feet from his house."	That's probably a good thing.
How are your children?	"They are well, thank you."	How are they in school?	They are doing rather well.	How is your husband?	"He's doing well, too! Things are going pretty great for us. How about you?"
Can you lend me some cash?	How much do you need?	"Well roughly a million dollars, if I'm honest."	Too bad that won't happen in this lifetime.	"Okay, then how about 10 bucks?"	10 bucks I can do. What's it for?
"Excuse me, do you know where I can find this item?"	It is on the next aisle.	"The next aisle to the right, or to the left?"	The aisle to the right.	"Okay, thank you for the help"	You're very welcome!
What music do you like?	I like old school rock.	You are so predictable.	"Yeah, my musical tastes are predictably awesome."	What else can you call perfection?	its just what I like.
What are we eating for super?	Let's go out and have a pizza	That sounds awesome! Let me go get my jacket and then we can leave!	"Alright hold on, I have to find my shoes first."	Really? You have like three pairs. How come you're always looking for them?	"I always find them right where I left them, I just can't remember where I left them."
Who ate the left overs?	I gave them to the dog.	I was going to eat those!	I'm sorry! I can make more.	"No, it's too late! Now I have to eat the dogs food."	Hahaha! You're so funny!
Is it sunny outside?	"Actually, it is partly cloudy."	Is it supposed to thunder later?	"Yes. Thunderstorms popping up in the late afternoon, just in time for our drive home."	"Great, that should make for some fun traffic."	I hate traffic
"By the way, when can I see you again?"	Tomorrow night would be wonderful.	I cannot wait until tomorrow.	You're going to have to.	Couldn't we get together tonight?	"I have date with someone else tonight, no hard feelings."
Did you do the dishes already?	"Yes, they are already clean."	Thanks for saving me some time.	"I know you have had a hard day at work today, it's my pleasure."	I'll have to return the favor.	"Thanks, but there's no need."
Can I get you a drink?	"Yes please, I'd love an iced tea."	Do you want sugar in it or not?	No sugar please.	How about lemon?	If I wanted sugar and lemons in my drink I would have ordered a lemonade. Just get me the dang iced tea.
Can you repeat what you just said?	Yeah. What time is it?	It is binge watching time.	Excellent. What are we watching?	We are watching all 24 seasons of Simpsons!	I love Simpsons.
How was New York?	New York was wonderful. I really loved the Statue of Liberty.	How can anyone love a statue?	I love how she looks out to the sea.	That sounds ridiculous! There has to be a better reason	Why should there be a better reason? It's my reason and that's that!
What are some of the tourist attractions around here?	There is a great beach down the road. And a National Park. The history of diving museum is fun but that's a few miles away.	Oh! I didn't expect to find so much to do around here! How can I get to the diving museum?	"I'm not sure, check a map."	I will take out my handy dandy iPhone and do just that. Thank You!	I hope you have fun.
Did you change your mind?	Nope I still have to go to the meeting instead.	"Dang, do you think you're prepared for that meeting?"	"Wow, thanks for the vote of confidence dude."	"I'm sorry, I didn't mean it that way. I'm sure you'll do fine."	Just fine? I need to knock this out of the park.
Can we go sit in the sun?	That sounds like a great idea.	"That was sarcasm, why on earth would I want to sit in the sun?"	To get a tan?	"Yeah, but it's way too hot today."	But isn't that great tanning weather?
Where are my keys?	They are on the table.	"Oh wow I can't believe I didn't see them, thanks!"	"You're welcome, but have you seen my phone?"	I think I saw it in the bedroom on the nightstand.	Good thing we have each other around to keep track of things!
Why is no one answering their phones?	They are all at the movies.	"Ah, I see. What did they go to?"	The new batman movie	I wanted to see that one.	Well we could go see it together now if you want?
Have you been here before?	"Yeah, I come here all the time."	What do you like so much about this place?	I really like the food here.	I absolutely agree. I think the food is really yummy.	My favourite is the roast beef open faced sandwich.
What time would you like me to arrive tonight?	Please come at 6pm	"OK, I will see you then!"	"Great, and don't forget to bring that special package!"	Right! Carl is going to be so excited to get a puppy for his birthday.	He sure is!
"Hey Mike, Barry will be here at 7pm, are you all set and ready to go by the time he gets here?"	"Oh, do we have to go out with Barry?"	"Yes, we do."	But he's so weird and oddly obsessive about my dolls.	Only the latex ones.	Is that really a mitigating point?
Are you a baker?	I used to be years ago. Not so much anymore.	What kinds of things did you bake?	Mostly muffins and pies.	"I love muffins and pies, would you make me one somtime?"	"Yeah I can do, something sweet or savory?"
Are you almost there?	Not even close.	How far away are you?	A couple of miles.	About how long will it take you? We are running late.	"Four minutes. That is, four minutes after I finish changing the tire."
Can you please fix me a meal?	"Yes, I certainly can."	Thank you very much.	What would you like to eat?	"I don't know, maybe some pasta!"	"Sorry, I run out of pasta. Anything else?"
Do you need money for the bus?	"No, but thank you for asking."	"Well, do you need a ride then?"	"That would be great, do you have space for my case?"	"Yes, in the passenger seat."	Then that means I have to ride in the back like you're my chauffer.
Do you know how to get to my appointment ?	I will put the address in my GPS.	Don't let it direct you off a bridge.	Did you have a bad experience with a GPS?	"If I did drive off a bridge, I wouldn't be here asking."	I've heard some GPS horror stories so you never know!
Do you think I will make a full recovery soon?	"Yes Ama, you will."	How long will my recovery take?	One or two months.	That is an awfully long time.	"Time will fly by, don't worry"
Can you give me a ride?	"No, not right now maybe later."	But I need a ride now.	You will have to ask someone else.	"Fine, thanks for nothing."	You're welcome for nothing!
Could you please help me write a letter?	"Sure, I can help you. What type of letter do you need to write?"	It is a letter to my lawyer.	Why are you writing to your lawyer?	I just wanted to thank him for his help.	What did he help you with?
Any news from my lawyer?	"Yes, We have received the letter from him."	"I'm going to the slammer, aren't I?"	"If you plead guilty, we can work a deal."	What do you want from me?	"To weigh your choices. Take the deal and get it over with, or draw this out and take your chances in a trial."
Where is a good place to go camping?	Ask the ranger for a recommendation.	"Oh ok, I was hoping you'd have a recommendation."	"I don't go camping a lot, actually."	Sorry to bother you.	"Not a bother, I'm just not a ranger."
Where did you park?	In the driveway	Did you park in the front of the driveway or in the back?	Do you need to get your car out of the garage?	Yes it is time for me to go to work.	I will move my car then.
Where is the nearest hospital?	It is about a mile and a half east of here.	"Well hurry, I don't know long I can make it."	I'm going as fast as I can.	Just shut up and speed up!	"Okay, okay. I don't want to get a ticket though!"
Do you have kids?	"Yes, I have two little boys."	How old are they?	They are 4 and 1.	Sounds like a handful!	Thankfully they are both pretty mellow.
Did you have that weird dream again last night?	Yeah. This time it was even weirder though!	What happened in it?	Let's just say the dragon got its wings.	What does that mean?	Exactly as I said the dragon got it wings and did what you'd expect anything else with wings to do which is fly.
Have you ever been to the Louvre?	"No, but I would like to."	I would like to go as well.	Maybe one day we will make it.	I've been telling myself that for ten years!	"It is a bit expensive, but I'm sure it would be worth it."
How are the pets doing?	They're doing great.	What kind of dog do you have again?	A golden retriever. She's a terror though!	Does she retrieve the wrong things?	She retrieves EVERYTHING!
Can you turn on the fan please?	"No, because it makes me cold."	"Get a blanket, I'm having a heat stroke over here."	Do you think you're going through menopause?	You should just get a blanket!	You should get a check-up!
Why did you come so late?	I forgot to set my alarm to remind me.	"No need to shout, I was just asking."	"Sorry, the alarm was really loud."	I understand no problem at all.	So did I miss anything?
How have you been?	"Thanks, well enough."	"That's great, really good to see you"	It's great to see you too! How are the wife and kids?	They are all looking forward to summer break.	"Well, that makes four of us!"
Could you please help me pay my bills?	I am skint sorry!	"That's okay, I'll ask my mom."	Good luck with that!	Mom always give me money because I pay her back unlike some people I know.	I don't know what you're talking about!
What is your favorite movie?	My favorite movie is Casablanca	I haven't seen that one.	Well what's your favourite movie?	The Fellowship of the Ring.	What is your favorite The Lord of the Rings Movie?
How do you turn this off?	Push and hold the power button.	"Wow, that was easy."	"Yeah, you don't need to be a brainiac to figure out the power."	"Guess my brain's not working so great today, then."	We all have our moments.
Did you do the dishes?	I did the dishes this morning.	"Ok thanks for washing the dishes up, I'll make dinner later."	What is for dinner?	"We have pasta or meatloaf, which do you prefer?"	I could go for pasta.
Is it really hot or it's just me?	I'm actually fine.	"Weird, let me turn on the fan at least."	"Ok, no problem. I can get you some ice cream too if that would help."	"That would be great, Black Walnut is my favorite."	Would you like to have some vanilla also?
"Did I have any calls today, also, who were they from?"	"You mom called earlier, I took a message for you."	That's it? Just my mom?	"Yes, were you expecting another call?"	I am waiting to hear about a job.	Oh? Where did you apply?
Do you like my shirt?	It's really nice. That color suits you.	Thank you so much.	You're welcome! You should wear it more often.	You're looking pretty good yourself.	Aw thank you hun. I appreciate the compliment as I was debating on wearing this outfit today.
Did you finish your homework?	i dont have homework to do	Go mow the lawn then.	I don't want to.	"Really, then I don't want to wash your clothes or fix your meals."	"That seems fair. How about you mow the lawn, and I'll worry about feeding and clothing myself."
Would you mind doing the dishes?	Can we put them in the dishwasher?	"Dishwasher is out of order, can you do them manually please?"	"Yes, but if we do it together it would be faster."	I can't right now. I have to add up to receipts.	"Yeah, you and your receipts, why don't you marry them if you love them so much?"
Don't you have a test tomorrow?	"Yes, in sociology. I don't think I'm ready for it."	Did you have enough time to study?	"No, I had work so I didn't get home until late."	"You didn't get home until late because you were at the bar, remember I saw you!"	"I know that, but my professor doesn't."
Can I have a burger?	"Sure, what do you want on It?"	Only meat thank you.	Are you sure? That's sort of a bizarre choice.	"Yes, trying to stick to my lifestyle aka diet."	You're funny! One meat burger coming right away!
Can I rest for a little while?	"Sure, there's a bench right here."	"Ah, thanks. Now that I'm better rested I will finally stop SHOUTING."	"I appreciate that, thank you. Do you mind me asking why you seem to start all our conversations with shouting?"	I ran out of my medication and feel really excitable. SORRY IT BOTHERS YOU SO MUCH!	"Oh, it's JUST FINE!"
Did the Mets win?	"No, they never win"	"Ha, that is so true"	"The Yankees, on the other hand, are doing great."	Figures. Who's your favorite player?	Do you think the Yankees are doing great just because they are the New York fav baseball team?
Do you want to come?	"No, I think I will pass this time."	Are you mad at me or something?	"Nah, just tired of doing the same things all the time."	We could do something different then. I just wanted to hang out with you for awhile. What would you like to go do instead.	I want to go rollerskating. Would you be willing to do that?
Where did we order them?	"From Office Depot, I think."	How much did they cost?	Let me find the receipt	I hope you didn't pay too much for them.	No they are not that costly.
How old is your dog?	He is 7 years old.	What breed is he?	He is a pitbull.	He's got the most lovely coloring!	"Thank you, we think she's adorable too!"
Do you have the time?	"Yes, it's 4:20"	I misplaced my phone and feel so lost without it.	I hate that.	I will call it and see if you can hear it.	"OK, try it."
Can I have a snack?	"Yes, you may have an apple."	An apple and then a piece of cake.	"No cake. It's too close to dinner, and you'll ruin your appetite."	You sound like my mother.	And you eat like your father.
Why are you angry?	Because my team lost the game	Do you own the team?	"Well no, but I've rooted for them for as long as I can remember."	Did something happen that was unfair?	That referee was just making bad calls all game long.
Where is the music festival taking place this year?	Which music festival? Do you mean Bluesfest in Ottawa?	"Yes, that is the one I mean."	Oh that's a good one. Do you plan to go?	I sure do! How about you?	I wouldn't miss it for the world!
Can you take her?	I'm sorry but I can't take her.	"What, are your arms broken?"	"Don't be rude. No, I'm just too busy."	Will you be able to take her later?	Is after work a good time? My last meeting ends at 4:30.
How many doors does it have?	It's a 4 door	"Oh, I'm looking for a 2 door model."	But a 4 door will have higher resale value.	"That's okay, I'm not really concerned about that."	"Oh well, good luck finding what you want."
What do you do for work?	I am a social worker.	Really? I have thought about going into that field!	"It's very draining, but rewarding."	What do like most and least about the job?	"It drains me, but it rewards me too! Heh."
Did you make sure to put gas in it?	"I'm not five, Gary."	You don't have to be a smart aleck.	"Sorry, but I only forgot to fill the tank one time and that was years ago!"	"Well, you know how it is. Does it once, does it all the time."	"You're never going to let things go, are you?"
Where are you taking me?	I can't tell you that. It's a surprise!	I hope it's to that new restaurant on 12th.	You will just have to wait to find out.	How exciting! It's so nice that you planned a surprise for me!	I figure it will be the perfect time to tell you that I'm sleeping with your husband and he's leaving you.
Can I talk to you for just a moment?	"Sorry, I'm busy right now."	Okay. Please let me know when you are free.	"Sure, maybe after lunch."	"ok, talk to you then."	i will let you knew once I am back from lunch
Would you like to meet for a cup of coffee?	Yes when is good for you?	Tomorrow around noon would be nice.	"Hmmm, okay noon it is."	Starbucks on the corner or the new Stumptown coffee cart?	"Starbucks, it's my coffee addiction."
Who do you think will win the game tonight?	I think the Rockets have a good chance.	Are you a tad bit delusional?	They have been on a winning streak lately.	Just pure luck I think.	It's a lot more than luck!
Where did you go?	I ran to the restroom real quick.	I thought you were lost.	"No, it just took a while."	Please tell me next time you run off.	"Ok, sorry, I will."
Do you every dream about losing your teeth?	I do not.	I had a dream where that happened the other day. It felt so real.	That must have been really scary!	It's actually really common for people to dream about losing teeth. I wonder why!	There are many things people dream about that may have meaning in their daily lives as well.
Would you like some toast?	"Yes please, thank you!"	You're very welcome! Would you like some Peach jelly to go with it?	"Sure, peaches are my favorite fruit!"	Awesome I love peaches too.	Do you have anything else to go with the toast?
Do you know how to get there?	No. I'm lost too	I'll look it up on my phone.	Oh great! What app are you using?	I am just using google maps.	That's fine if it gets us there!
Do you like Hamburgers?	I love hamburgers!	Do you put mustard on them?	No I prefer relish.	Gross. I hate relish.	When is the last time you tried it?
Could you please sweep the floor for me?	"Of course, I'll do it as soon as I finish the kids' bedrooms."	"Cool, thanks a lot!"	"No problem, I like sweeping."	I am going to work on the dishes while you do that.	Great. Hopefully we can get all the vacuuming done too before the kids come home.
"What's the verdict, good or bad?"	It was very good.	Oh! That's a huge relief off my chest!	"Yes, I'm very happy with it, too."	"I was so worried, I know you were too."	Now we can both rest easy.
Can you help me to cross the street?	"Yes, take my hand"	Why is your hand so cold?	I just got done cleaning out my freezer.	Hopefully my hand will help warm yours up.	"It should. I know holding your hand always warms my heart, so that's a good start."
"Hello, how are you?"	I'm good. How are you?	I'm good. What have you been up to lately?	Not too much. Getting ready for the summer.	Me too. It's supposed to be a hot one.	"Yeah, that's what the weather forecast is showing."
Do you have any advice on the subject?	"Unfortunately, it is not my area of expertise."	Who do you think I can ask for advice?	You should ask the Head of the Department.	But he smells bad.	Well then ask Susan.
Can you put on the football game?	"No, go watch it in the other room."	Can I turn the volume up on the other TV?	"Sure, just shut the door."	Ok. What are you going to be doing?	I'm going to be studying for an exam.
What's your favorite icecream?	My favorite Is chocolate.	"Ok, I will pick some up."	Do you have a favorite brand name?	"Not really, whichever will do!"	"Okay, I will just grab whatever is on sale."
Won't you be late for your class?	"No, I don't have class today."	"Oh, is it not Thursday?"	No it is Monday.	For the life of me I just can't keep track of my days.	Monday is the one after Sunday.
Will you take me to the store?	"Yes, when do we need to go?"	How about tomorrow?	Would eleven be okay for you?	That will be fine.	Great I'll pick you up then.
Where is the dairy section?	You will find it just arund the corner.	Around the corner from what?	Around the corner from the cheese display.	Where is the cheese display?	The cheese display is on aisle 10.
How was your outing?	"I know you don't care about my outing, Susan. Just take the check, and make sure Jenny eats this time, okay? Enough of your passive, aggressive malarkey."	"You need to go back to those anger management classes, Derek."	No you need to stop talking to me and let me be.	I was just trying to be polite.	I can see right through your politeness Susan!
"This is my new jacket, do you like it?"	"Yes, I like the color and it fits you perfectly."	"Thank you, I got it for free."	That's great! How'd you do that?	The store I shop at let's you accumulate bonus points towards future purchases.	How do I sign up? thats a good deal if you shop there
Do we go to the same church?	No. I got to St. Mattress.	Mattress? Do you mean Mary's?	No. I mean I sleep in on Sundays instead!	"Hardy har har, real funny."	Just a little church humor to break the tension.
Could the local sports team help with the fundraising event?	We could always contact them and find out.	Tell them it would be for both Saturday and Sunday.	"Okay, do they need to be here all day or just for the afternoon?"	We will probably need at least three people all day.	They will be compensated for their time with a free meal during the event.
Could you please open some windows and doors in order to feel the cold air?	"No, I have the air conditioner on."	Well I don't think it's working.	Is it still too warm in here?	It's like a sauna in here.	When you start paying the bills then you can have a say in the temperature in the car.
Can I make an appointment?	"No, I'm quite busy at the moment"	I'll come back in ten minutes.	Hopefully I'll be able to help you then.	"Okay, thank you."	You are welcome.
Can we go do something?	Sure what do you feel like?	"Actually, I'd like to go see a movie."	What movie would you like to see?	"Something dramatic, with a lot of death and suffering, but no blood."	You sound in a cheerful mood! Let's see what horror movies are playing today.
Do you like cake?	"Everyone likes cake, right? I definitely do."	My favorite cake is red velvet.	Nice! My favourite is carrot cake- with pineapple!	"I wish I could eat that, but I'm allergic to pineapple."	I have never heard of putting pineapple on carrot cake.
"Yes, how did you know?"	I read it in the newspaper.	Which newspaper did you read it in?	"The New York Times, paper of record!"	If you say so.	"Well, where do you get your news?"
Would you like to play Monopoly?	"Yes, I would."	"Awesome, I'll set it up."	Okay! I get the puppy dog.	That's cool because I always take the car.	Why do you always take the car?
Would you help me study Spanish please?	Claro que si!	So is that a yes?	I am not sure. That's the only thing I know in Spanish.	Seriously? I guess you won't be much help after all	"Sorry, I only studied French!"
Who won the baseball game?	The white sox	"Awesome, glad to hear that. When do they play again?"	"Tomorrow night, and they're hosting the Yankees."	Are tickets still available	"Yeah, probably, let me check online."
I wonder if it will rain tomorrow?	It is supposed to.	I guess I should bring my umbrella.	"Yea, you probably should."	"I just hope I don't lose it, like I usually do."	How can you lose something so big?
What do you want me to do?	Could you clean the litter boxes please?	I have no problem doing that. Grab me a trash bag?	"Sure, here's one right here."	I'll need a bigger bag than that!	"Sure, here's bigger one."
Have you seen my keys?	If you would put them on the key hanger like I ask you to every day then you wouldn't need to be wasting time searching for them again now.	I guess I have to learn the hard way.	Obviously. Also your keys are in your hand.	You're a genius. What would I do without you?	I guess you would just never have any keys!
What day is the wedding?	It is next Saturday. Please come if you're able.	I will be there.	Good! And wear your nice clothes.	You mean I can't just show up in jeans?	Are you serious? Who goes to wedding in jeans?
Who's car is outside?	It's my daughters friend.	"Oh, what are they doing today?"	They're going to her cousin's art exhibit.	Wow. What kind of work does she or he do?	She is a photographer is NYC.
How did you make it?	I followed the recipe.	"Oh, I'm no good at following recipes."	"It is simple, not many ingredients."	Well I can burn water so it may not be simple for me.	Burned water is one of the ingredients!
What's your favorite type of music?	Anything but country.	I am quite fond of Whigfield.	What is that? I've never heard of it.	Not sure myself it just came to my mind	Um OK. Want to go to the park with me later?
What do you think of the new boss?	I think he is a wonderful person.	I am not sure he likes me.	"I think you may be right, honestly."	Why? Has he said something about me to you?!	"He hasn't said anything, but the looks he gives you makes it obvious."
Would you like some pizza?	Absolutely! I love pizza!	How many slices?	I'll take all of them!	Great! I'll have it cut in squares.	Then I want all the squares!
What did my boss say when you gave the news?	He said you are fired.	Do you want me to talk to him?	Are you sure that's the best idea right now?	"I think once the boss calms down he will see reason, don't you?"	Yes but he will never admit he was wrong firing you
What is your favorite song?	Love lift us up where we belong.	I think you belong in a mental institution. Love lift you there please.	"Ha, ha, very funny. Do you have a better favorite song?"	"Of course, Ring of Fire by the man in black."	Another nice choice. Let's go see if the shuffleboard room is open.
Are you going somewhere?	"Yes I am, would you like to go with me?"	"Yep, let me go get dressed."	"Wear something warm, it's cold outside."	Is it sweatshirt weather or should I grab a jacket?	"No, take a jacket. You know the weather can be unpredictable right now!"
Will Sarah come today?	She can't make it today.	"Well, that is unfortunate!"	"You are telling me, I was going to sell her my old X-Box."	So what are we going to do now?	We can play on the X-box.
How are your grades?	They are ok thanks	Mine are freaking fantastic.	Good for you! How did this happen?	I studied instead of playing hooky all the time like you	Whoa! No need to be so harsh.
Do you still have power?	"Yes,I am still powerful in the army"	What rank are you in the army?	I'm a Captain.	"Nice try, buddy. You just finished Basic."	"Hey, close enough!"
How old are you?	I'm old enough to know better	But apparently you don't know better or you wouldn't had acted that way.	"That's true, I won't do it again."	We'll see about that.	"Look, I said I am sorry and I promised I won't do it again. What else can I do?"
Any way we can get some water?	Yes here you go.	"Thank you, I appreciate it."	You're more than welcome.	This water is really good.	"It better be, It costs 5 dollars a bottle"
Is the volume too high for you?	"No, it's perfect"	"So, do you like the song?"	"No, I wish they would just deport Justin Bieber already."	"Eh, we live in the internet era. You'd still hear from him."	Not with web blocking apps for certain things.
Could you give me a hand with this?	Yeah what do you need me to do?	I need you to hold the nail while I hit it with the hammer.	Well sure. This hammer?	Do you see another one anywhere?	"All right smarty pants, do it yourself."
What would you like to eat?	"I love to eat seafood, especially shrimps!"	Do you like them cold or hot?	Always hot with melted butter!	I like to eat it cold myself.	You should try it with Grits!
When do you need to leave?	"Pretty soon, because the concert starts in 30 minutes."	What are you seeing?	It's a screamo band. You wouldn't know them.	"Well, I'm paying for your tickets so humor me."	Why don't you just come with me? You might enjoy it.
How did you manage to come?	I was able to finish earlier than expected.	"Awesome, glad you could make it."	"Thanks, I've been looking forward to the party all week."	"Yeah I also purchased a ton of alcohol, so you'll have to help me finish it!"	Are all the cute guys coming to the party?
Will there be a seat for me?	"As long as you don't mind sitting on my lap, yes."	"No thank you, pervert."	"Oh come on, I was just kidding."	I don't believe that you were.	I was definitely kidding.
Do you want to go have sushi tomorrow?	No I'd rather have pizza.	I just ate pizza last night. Won't you reconsider? Let's get Chinese instead.	"Sure, Chinese sounds good. Just make sure to order extra egg rolls please."	"Yes, we never seem to get enough egg rolls."	Egg rolls are the best part of ordering Chinese food.
How are you feeling today?	I have a major headache.	Did you get enough sleep?	No I couldn't sleep.	Have you tried Sleepytime tea?	"No, never heard of it."
Where can I find it?	Under the car	Did you hide it there?	"No, I saw it when I pulled into the driveway."	You should be more careful with our cat!	Talk to the dog. He looks suspiciously guilty.
What did you do today?	I walked the dog.	Good. The dog is getting really fat.	"So are you, should I walk you next?"	"Really, you had to go there?"	"I'm sorry, just messing with you!"
What's your favorite TV show?	"I'll need to think about it, but I love Law & Order."	Those crime scene shows are so interesting!	I also love how I met your mother.	"My goodness, they are so different! But I understand; I like more than one type of show, too."	What is your favorite TV show?
Are you new to this?	"No, I've been doing it for years."	Do you think you're an expert yet?	I still have alot to learn.	I'd be an expert if I had been working in the same job for 35 years. What's wrong with you?	I guess I'm just not as good as you.
What time is my appointment?	"I don't know, ring them and see."	Didn't I tell you to write it down?	"I'm sorry, I forgot to do that."	"Next time when I ask you to write something down for me, can you please do it immediately?"	"I think you should be responsible for your own life, not me."
Would you like to come out with me to the shops?	"Yes, of course."	Is there any place you want to visit?	The candy shop.	Do you want to hit the shoe store next?	"Sure, I need to get some new fitness trainers anyway."
Where are my glasses?	They're on the table	I can't see them.	That is so ironic!	Don't you think? It's like rain on your wedding day.	You are weird. In a good way.
Do you have any butter?	"Yes I do. Sorry, I thought you were still trying to cut back so it's in the fridge."	Now you're telling me what I should eat?	"No, we just hadn't talked about your diet lately."	Try the second shelf. I have the real stuff and the heart healthy mom likes.	The real stuff is always better. But I guess we should all be trying to look after our health.
Can you break this off?	No the material is too solid.	I wish I were strong like the hulk!	Hey don't we all!?	"Sometimes, that might be a bad thing."	"Yeah, it would have its downsides."
"Yes, what time shall we meet?"	We will meet at half past eleven morning.	What will you be wearing?	A red shirt with blue jeans.	"Okay, I'll see you then."	What will you be wearing?
Any news about Tracy?	She just got a new job.	Is she still going to school as well?	"No, she graduated last spring. She didn't send you an announcement?"	No. Did I do something to piss her off?	Not that I am aware of. But you know how she is!
Can you call me instead?	No I am driving	"Alright, when you are pulled over, just call me."	I will have to call you later.	"OK, be safe on the road."	"I will, talk to you later!"
When is your birthday?	It's tomorrow! Are you going to get me a present?	"Eh, I kind of forgot."	It's not too late!	Maybe you are right!	"Well, there's a great book out that I want."
What's for breakfast tomorrow?	I'll probably make waffles since we have some extra time.	They better be homemade and not those frozen things.	They are homemade.	Do you have maple syrup?	"Yes, you are so picky."
Can I get a bag with that?	"Yes, I can bag that for you."	"I prefer paper if you would, thanks."	We do offer paper instead of plastic.	Thank you that would be great.	not an issue
Can we not go to the store today?	We have to go to the store today.	Can we just go later?	I think we really need to go now.	Why? What do we need so urgently?	Water and something to eat!
"Hello, what type of dog is that?"	This dog is a poodle.	It is so cute and fluffy!	She just got back from the groomers.	"Oh, which groomer do you use?"	I went to city groomers.
Shall we go one day?	"Yes, If you'd like too."	Are you free next weekend?	I'm busy Sunday but could go Saturday!	Great I will pick you up at 11!	Alright seems fine by me.
Can we sit outside on the porch?	"Sure, why not? It's nice enough out."	It is so nice!	Knock on wood. I heard it might thunderstorm later today.	"I like listening to thunderstorms, as long as there's no chance of tornado!"	"No tornadoes in the forecast today, but I have my mobile app alerts set to keep me notified."
How is the weather?	It's sunny and warm.	Make sure you wear sunscreen!	"I will, of course. Don't mother me."	safety first! I'm just trying to help	"I know you are, Mom. But I'm 53, and I'd just really like to be a bit more independent."
Do you like the color red?	"Yes, it's my favorite color."	So is mine!	What a coincidence!	"I have red as accent colors in all the rooms of my house, I love it so much."	Sounds like a nice color plan for a house.
Can you get me a glass of water?	Of course I can.	"Can you get me one too, please?"	"Sure, anyone else?"	"I'd like some coke, or something else with flavor, if you have."	We don't have coke.
Do you want to go on a run?	Oh gosh NO!	Why are you so against running?	I went on a really long run yesterday so I'm beat.	"That's alright, then. Perhaps we can schedule a run for another time?"	"Yes, another day perhaps."
Is that the only colour?	It comes In many colors.	Can it be multi-colored?	"No, just solid colors."	Do you have black?	"Yes, we do."
Can you hand this to me?	Sure. Here it is.	"my, aren't you the eager beaver"	"Um, why do you keep saying weird things like that?"	Because I dont want to talk you now.	"That's fine, I don't want to talk to you either."
Have you met my husband?	"Yes, I met him."	"He's a character, isn't he?"	"Yes, he's a very funny guy."	When I'm with him I can't help but have fun.	Sounds like a good marriage.
Have you seen her this week?	"yes, I saw her yesterday."	How was she doing?	She still looks pretty sick.	Oh that is too bad.	Yeah. I think she's still on chemo.
How is he doing?	He is doing good.	When's the last time you talked to him?	We spoke yesterday on the phone.	I should probably stop by today and visit him.	"yes, he'll like that"
Did he chase you?	"He tried, but I outran him"	Why did he chase you?	He was after my purse.	He was trying to steal it?	Yes he was
Have you ever visited any islands?	"No, I didn't visit any islands till now."	Do you like it?	I guess so.	what do you like about?	I like the nature and the beautiful ocean.
How far away do you live from here?	About ten miles.	Whats the name of the place where you live	Well its a house on wheels so I think it's called a trailer?	"No silly, the name of your neighborhood."	"Oh, sorry. I live in Meadowlark Lemming Park. Do you know where that is?"
Is the router on?	"Yes, it's working."	Can I have the passcode please?	I'd rather keep my password confidential. Here let me enter it instead.	Okay that sounds fair.	"SO, how's it going with Glen?"
Would you be kind enough to help me send an email?	"Sure, I can help you with that."	How do I open my email program?	"Are you serious? It's so easy. First, open up your web browser. Wait, can you even do that?"	Yes I can do that; I just don't know much about email	"Okay, then do you know the recipient's email addres?"
Do you know a lot about electronics?	"No, I don't"	I would like to learn about electronics some day.	I think the local adult ed program has classes.	Oh really? I should check into it.	I hear the program is amazing
Can you take me outdoors?	"yeah, next Saturday."	But I want to go outside right now.	"I'm sorry, but it is going to rain."	I like the rain.	then you can go outside in the rain I'm not
What were you doing yesterday?	"I can't really remember, it was an uneventful day."	Did you stay home all day?	I actually made it all the way to the mailbox.	You are such a lazy person.	"Actually, I got a lot of work done on my computer."
Did the doctor change my medication?	No. There is no changes in your medication	Do I need to make another appointment?	No need to make another appointment.	"Okay, I guess be are done here, goodbye."	Thank you for calling.
Can you tell me what time the concert starts at?	The concert starts in 2 hours.	I hope there's no traffic getting there.	Yeah me either. Traffic is a bummer.	"Remember the last time we went to a concert, and we got stuck in traffic, and we almost missed the first set?"	"Yeah, that sucked."
What are you doing after work?	Going to the game.	Who do you think will win?	"I don't care, I just want to be entertained."	Well that's a cynical attitude.	The tickets were free.
What is on tv tonight?	I think Grey's is on tonight.	What happened in the last episode? I couldn't watch.	It was so good! I don't want to spoil it for you.	"Go ahead and spoil it, I don't know when I'll ever get to watch it."	"Matter of fact I could use a refresher, let's watch the last episode together first then I'll DVR the current one so we can watch the new episode right after. How does that sound?"
Where is she?	I think she's still at work.	Do you know when she is done?	She will be done around three.	In the afternoon or in the morning? You know she keeps odd hours.	Three in the morning today and three in the afternoon tomorrow.
What is going on?	"I'm not sure, but I think the boss is about to make an announcement."	What makes you think that?	The fact that he's standing at a microphone.	Nice deduction Sherlock.	"Of course, Watson"
Can you tell me the price?	It looks like it is $1.99.	"I'll take three, then."	"Okay, here is your bag."	"Thank You, here is my money."	Have a nice day!
Can you turn on the radio?	"Sure, which station do you want to listen to?"	The heavy metal station.	"perfect, that is my favorite radio station, cause heavy metal is so perfect to beging the day and to be relaxed"	I was hoping it would keep me awake.	You're listening to it for the wrong reasons my friend!
What's your favorite Thai dish?	I think it would have to be pad thai.	It is my favorite dish too!	Do you prefer it with chicken or shrimp?	I like both but prefer shrimp. Aren't I fun?	I prefer shrimp. We should cook pad Thai together sometime.
Are we bringing our own blankets?	Yes we are	Good! The ground will probably get cold.	Don't forget bug spray.	I got it. Do you have sun block?	Yes. I'll bring it.
Does anyone feel like watching a movie?	"Yeah, that sounds fun"	What would you like to watch?	Something exciting like an action movie.	Get the popcorn ready! Batman is my favorite action film!	Batman is your favourite action film? This relationship is OVER.
Can we go out for a walk?	"Yes, lets walk in the park."	It's a really nice day for it!	Bring a jacket though because it gets cool by the lake.	I have a sweater that should do.	And make sure to bring some water too.
Can you help me get to sleep?	"I can't help you sleep, but some music might."	What kind of music do you think will help?	Listen to some classical.	Can you put on some Chopin?	"Sure, how about his Nocturnes?"
Can you give me a hand?	"I can't lift heavy things, I told you that."	"Look, it's not that heavy and you're the only one here."	"OK, let me try first. But if it is too heavy, we'll have to call someone."	"Yeah that's fine, we can ask my buff next door neighbor if all else fails!"	Can't we just ask him now?
Did you bet on the match?	Of course I did. I have a compulsive gambling problem.	So who do you think is going to win then?	Well I bet on both so who cares.	"Uh, isn't that a wash then?"	Perhaps yes. But I like it that way.
How is your health now?	I am feeling a lot better.	That's good. Did you have to see the doctor?	No I did not have to.	Did you take any medicine for it?	"No, I didn't."
Where were you yesterday at 9:15?	I went to the court house for something.	"Can you expand a bit more on what this something would be that you needed to attend at the courthouse? Did you breach your probation again, Ricky?"	Mom! Get off my back!	"If you want me to get off your back, you can tell me what happened, or I can find out later and be even more pissed off. Now which option would make things easier for the both of us?"	Just stop talking for five minutes!
Where is that sound coming from?	It's those idiots upstairs who never shut up.	We need to move ASAP!	"Yeah we do, they are so loud even on weeknights."	Have you confronted them or filed a complaint with the landlord?	Not into confrontation. I think that might only make it worse.
So where are they really?	They are hiding out back in the shed.	"Thanks, I'll take care of them."	"Great, because I didn't want to deal with that situation."	"Dont worry, I'll handle them."	Let me know how it goes.
How are the kids doing?	They are great!	Do they like school?	As much as it's possible for a kid to like school.	Some kids really like school.	Yeah my kids do
Can I get you a cup of tea?	"I would love a cup of tea, thank you."	Do you want any cream or sugar?	"Two sugars, no cream and a shot of Bourbon please."	Not sure I have any bourbon and are you sure? It's only 7:30 AM.	"Quit judging me, Grammy. I don't judge you for walking into my bedroom at 7:30am asking about tea time."
How much is that?	Let me check the price for you.	"No, no, the purple one."	"Oh sorry, I thought you meant the blue one."	You are looking at 11.95 plus tax.	"yes, that's correct."
Did you get any good presents?	Yes I did	Anything in particular?	Yes! I got tickets to a concert!	Awesome! Which concert?	The one where Pitbull is performing live.
Can you take my dog to the vet?	"I would be happy to, is it alright?"	"Yes, he just need his shots."	What shots does he need?	I have no idea what they are called.	Well they should have a record of what he needs.
Will you join me for tea?	Yes. I'd be happy to join you for tea.	When would you like to go?	I could be ready by noon!	I will see you then!	I look forward to it.
What is for dinner?	Pork chops with macaroni and cheese.	"I see, guess I'll be ordering take out"	Would you rather I cooked something different?	I'd rather you didn't cook at all.	That is not very nice
Can you suggest anything on the menu?	"I recommend the falafel and spinach burger, a little different, but to die for!"	"Ok, you order that and I'll have a double coronary with bacon."	Why don't you try the spinach burger with some regular fries?	Because that sounds just disgusting.	And your burger that comes with pre admission papers to the hospital doesn't sound disgusting? Let's compromise and get a club sandwich.
Where is the dog?	He's in the kitchen eating.	What type of food does he eat?	I feed him Blue Buffalo.	I knew you were a smart person when I first laid eyes on you. I bet the dog loves you as much as I do!	"So, should we talk about moving in together?"
Is it raining out there?	"No, now it's not raining, but it looks so dark outside that I think it will rain later."	I guess I should grab my umbrella before we leave.	That would be a good idea.	"Ok, let me go grab it."	can you get me one too?
Are you free this afternoon?	No sorry I have plans.	That's too bad.	How about Friday afternoon we do lunch instead?	"Sure, if it can wait till 1 pm or later."	"Yes, it can! Let's head down to the waterfront and have lunch at that new seafood place."
Can you lend me a hand?	Yes I can	"Thank you, could you also pass me a wrench?"	Sure here you go	"Thanks, how about a flashlight too?"	What exactly are you doing?
"It took you awhile to get here, were you busy?"	No I just got stuck in some really bad traffic.	"I was starting to get worried, glad you made it."	"Me too, now I need to unwind."	"Yeah, I bet"	How do you propose we do that?
What kind of car do you drive?	I drive a Hyundai Sonata.	Does it get good gas mileage?	Oh Yeah! I can drive all week in this bad boy.	Maybe I should look into getting one myself	"No offense, but I don't think you could fit into a Hyundai Sonata. Maybe consider a Humvee instead."
Could you help me?	What can I do?	You can start organizing the food in the pantry.	I'll get right to it.	"Thank you, I appreciate it."	Will I put the cheese in the pantry or in the refrigerator?
How was your day today?	Terrible! How was yours?	What made your day terrible?	I failed in my Trigonometry test.	Did you study?	"Yes, but I really stink at Trig."
Have you seen my dog?	I think he's in the neighbor's backyard.	What is he doing there?	Digging in the dirt.	I will go over to get him	"I will come with you, that neighbor won't be thrilled when they get a look at that yard."
Did you get her a present?	"Yes mam, I did."	Did you get anything I suggested?	"No mam, I did not"	What did you end up purchasing?	I purchased perfume that I know she likes.
"I couldn't hear you very well, could you repeat please?"	"Sure, I said 'please pass me the salt'"	Of course. Here you go.	Is the pepper nearby too?	It is; would you like me to pass it to you?	Would you please?
How did you do that?	I used a tablesaw	That sounds very dangerous.	"It was very dangerous, you have to be careful not to cut your finger with the saw."	"I think I'll leave that sort of thing to you, then!"	OK and I'll leave the cooking to you!
Do you know who won?	The Warriors won.	"That's great, they're on a roll."	That's why they're my favorite team!	"I like the Titans, but they never do very well."	"yes I agree, it's a good team"
Did you watch the game last night?	"No, I had to work. How was it?"	"Man, you missed out! It was great!"	Ah I wish I could've seen it. I guess I could just find highlights on youtube though.	The highlights won't do it justice. You really missed out.	"Ah, sorry to hear that."
Are you guys hungry?	"yes, very hungry!"	"Good, go get us some lunch."	"No you go get it, i'm busy."	"No can do my friend, looks like we will all starve to death."	How about we go together to get food?
Do you want to eat breakfast with me?	Yes I do at 9 o clock.	What do you want to eat?	I would like pancakes!	I love pancakes. We can do that for sure!	Sounds great! See you then.
Can you get me some coffee?	"Yup, here you go!"	"Cream and sugar, please."	No cream. Will milk do?	"Milk is fine, thanks."	Do you still want the sugar?
Could you please help me pack a bag for the hospital?	"Yes, what do you want to take?"	I want to take everything I'll need to stay a couple of nights.	"Okay, where can I find your toothpaste?"	Top drawer on the right in the bathroom.	What else do you need?
Is it cold outside?	Yes. it's very cold	"Shew, I hate that!"	"It's January in Michigan, of course it's cold!"	"Well, I'm from Florida! I'm used to balmy weather in January."	"Hah, must be nice!"
Could you try to brush as much of the gunk off of my chair as you can out here?	"I'm not your slave puppet, Milo."	"Pretty please, with a cherry on top."	"Ok fine, but only because I love you"	"Thank you, I love you too."	You'll owe me later though!
Can you edit this picture?	Yes. What edits did you want?	I would like you to place tress in front of all the people I hate.	Tress? I assume you mean trees?	"No, sorry, I meant Tess, my new girlfriend."	Trees might work better.
Can you meet me at the coffeeshop?	"Yes, what time?"	Let's meet at 4 o'clock.	"No good, I have a Dr's appointment around then. How about 5 o'clock?"	I have to be at the airport at 5. How about tomorrow?	Why are you going to the airport? Are you leaving out of town?
Do you take cream or sugar?	"Yes, just cream please."	Here you go.	"Great, fresh cream is the best."	I'm partial to black with sugar when it's this cold.	I never add sugar to anything I drink.
Why would you do that?	because it is fun	"That makes sense, not to me, but it makes sense."	Have you ever tried it?	"No, it doesn't make sense to me like I said."	Try it anyway!
What time does the post office here close?	It closes at 4 pm	What time does it open tomorrow?	I believe it's 8am.	Ok thank you so much.	"Oh real quick, sorry, I noticed you have PO Boxes. What are the rates for those a month?"
What can I help you with?	Nothing at the moment.	"Fine, be that way Felicia."	You don't have to be snarky about it.	"Sorry, it's just been a REALLY long day."	"I'm sure it has, but being rude to me isn't going to make your day any better."
How many people will be there?	I don't know.	Should I bring anything?	"Yes, bring some cookies."	I can do that for sure!	I'm bringing my famous pasta salad.
Can I sit out in the sun?	"Sure, just don't get sunburned"	"Can I borrow some sun block, please?"	Get your own sun block.	"I left mine at home, and you have plenty to share."	"Ok, here's some."
What do you want to buy?	I want to get some clothes.	What kind of clothes?	I want to buy party clothes	But don't you need clothes for work?	"well, I have clothes for work"
Have you seen my glasses?	"Yes, they are on top of your head."	I'm always doing that.	Can you see without them?	Yes they are just for reading.	Oh okay. I wish that mine were just for reading.
Did you bring a pic-nic blanket?	"No, I thought there were benches to sit on."	"Well there are, but that's not nearly as romantic."	"Oh, well good thing I brought candles! That'll surely make this pic-nic romantic!"	"I hope you brought matches, because I don't have any!"	I have a lighter!
Can I make you something to eat?	Yes please I am hungry	What do you want to eat?	Hamburgers and french fries?	"Sure, I'll have that ready for you soon."	Thank you very much.
How was your day?	It was long.	At least it's over now.	"Well, not quite."	"Why, what do you still have to do?"	I still have to go home.
Did you see the new car I bought?	"Yeah, it looks great. You must have worked real hard to afford it, Becky."	I did! It was a lot of weekends and evenings.	Do you think you'd be able to help me fix up my old-reliable?	"Sure, want to start this weekend?"	"Sounds great, I will just postpone my weekend of Netflix and ice cream til later."
What time do you work tomorrow?	I have a day off tomorrow.	"Oh great, can you give me a ride then?"	"Sure, where do you need to go?"	I have to do to the Department of Motor Vehicles.	"I hate the DMV, what you have to do?"
"Hey, how do I look?"	You look very handsome.	Thank you. I hope these pants fit well.	They look great on you.	Do my shoes match?	"Nah, I think you should buy some new ones."
How was your day?	It was long and boring.	"Oh I'm sorry to hear that, I had a great day."	"Well, I'm glad one of us did."	Well I will make your night a good one I promise.	Oh good. Is that dinner on the stove? Smells delicious.
Where are the batteries?	in the car	Where in the car?	Next to my sunglasses.	"Ok, where are your sunglasses, then?"	Glove compartment probably.
Where did you get that purse from?	"I got the purse from the table, it was lying over there."	Okay. I thought I lost it.	I wanted to make sure you didn't leave it behind.	"Thanks, I have lost it more in the last week then I care to admit."	Don't you think with all of your personal information like your credit cards and Drivers License you should be a bit more aware of your purse? You wouldn't want to have to deal with credit card theft or even identity theft.
How much sleep did you get last night?	I got a ton of sleep last night!	"That's awesome, so did I!"	I feel so rested.	"Yeah, it sure beats watching the clock keep clicking over to the next hour."	"I know, insomnia is so exhausting."
Do I know you from somewhere?	No. I don't believe so.	Gosh you look so familiar.	I don't know why.	You're face reminds of an old friend.	"Well, I'm from Kentucky."
Do you play any sports?	Just soccer and basketball.	Are you any good at either of those?	I'm really good at soccer but I'm not too bad at basketball either.	Great maybe we can play sometime.	That sounds like fun.
Do you like ice cream?	"Yes, I like ice cream."	What is your favorite flavor?	I really enjoy all of them.	"Come on, I'm sure you like one flavor more than others, surely?"	Okay then. Vanilla.
What made you so sick?	I think it was something in the water.	"Wow, that is awful."	"It was, I should have known not to drink the tap water"	"Well, most places have relatively clean tap water. Not your fault for assuming."	Next time I will boil it first!
"I am fed up with soups, can I have some solids?"	Once you are doing a bit better yes.	I feel better already.	"Okay, we'll let's give it one more day."	Can't we try just a little? See how it goes?	"It is better to wait just one more day, for your own good."
Is there an accessible washroom nearby?	"Yes there Is, down the hall."	Thank you very much.	You are very welcome.	Have a nice day!	I hope you do too!
What did you do today?	Work work and more work	"Sounds boring, but that's how it went for me as well."	Sometimes boring is better!	"I'm not a fan of boring, makes the day seem longer."	"You're right, we should just work all the time so we don't get bored."
What's your favorite time of day?	Dusk is my favorite time of day.	I prefer dawn because it makes me think of new beginnings.	I'm not a morning person at all.	I'm the opposite; I'm not a night person.	"They do say opposites attract, right?"
Where is my purse?	In your room.	Are you sure? I can't find it in there.	It's under your jacket!	No need to yell at me; it was only a question!	"I know, but you lose stuff all the time."
What was your favorite place to go as a child?	I loved going to visit my uncle.	What was your uncle like?	"He was so nice, and he always had candy."	I think you just liked the candy he had to give you!	"Well, that and those horses he had."
How fast are you going?	Not fast at all	"I asked how fast you were going, you didn't answer the question."	Not fast at all.	Stop the car. I'm getting out before you kill us both.	"I am under the speed limit, for goodness sake! You always flip out when I'm driving!"
Why do you want to know?	Because I'd like to help.	"I'm sorry, I don't really want to talk about it."	"Well, let me know if you change your mind."	Ok. How are things with your new job?	Great. The manager said he is going to be training me to put the condiments on the buns next week. I'm really moving up the career ladder quickly here.
What is your number?	I am not giving you my number!	C'mon! I'm not going to give it out to anyone!	I don't share personal info with strangers.	What are you talking about? We've known each other for three weeks.	Ask me again in another three weeks.
What movie do you want to watch?	"I'll watch anything, just no musicals."	Have you watched Finding Nemo?	Do they sing at all?	"I think Dory does, I can't remember"	That sounds terrible!
What time does the game start?	It starts at 6:00pm.	Do you think it'll be a good one?	Definitely. Did you see the last game between them?	"Yes, that's why I am concerned."	Do you want to go watch at the bar?
What are you doing tonight?	You know what I'm doing tonight!	Are you just staying home to watch television?	"yep , that wht I am doing. thats what I always do."	Well you can go out with me if you want instead.	You party a little too hard for me.
"Hey, what do you want to eat tonight?"	Tuna and rice	"You were offered anything you want to eat tonight, and you are going to pick tuna and rice?"	It's been a while since we have had that.	what kind of tuna? What kind of rice?	"The usual kind, I guess!"
What's your favourite time of the year?	My favorite time of the year is summer	I find summers to be too hot.	Some like it hot!	I prefer winter more.	"No way, the winter is too dark and dismal for me."
Can we eat later?	No I have already made plans to go out with Bob.	Why do you want to go out with Bob? He always stiffs you with the bill and doesn't use utensils.	I feel bad telling him no.	You are just too kind.	Being too kind isn't a fault for me. It's better to be kind than mean.
Can you take me to my appointment at ten tomorrow?	"No, we're all booked up tomorrow. I'll call if there's an opening in the schedule."	"All right, thank you."	Can I have your number?	Did I not give it to you already?	I just want to make sure I have it down right.
Do you prefer yellow or green?	I like green more than yellow.	I do too.	"Never mind, I like yellow more than green"	Not me. I still like green.	Do you have a favorite yellow flower?
"I'm hungry, what time will dinner be ready?"	It will be ready In 20 minutes.	Do you have anything I can snack on?	"No! I've been slaving away in the kitchen all day, I'm not going to let you spoil your appetite!"	Are you sure there is nothing I can eat?	You won't starve in 20 minutes.
Can you bring me a sweater?	Which one do you want?	"The Red one, with the fringe."	"Sorry I washed that today, it's in the dryer."	I'll go get it then.	Not if I get it first!
Do you want to watch a movie with me?	"I do not have time right now, I am working."	What are you working on?	I need to finish this project and then I have to do the laundry. I wanted to change the bed tonight.	I can do the laundry while you finish up your project. Then we can watch a movie.	"Thank you, that would help a lot. maybe make the bed while the laundry is in?"
Can we go to brunch?	When would you like to go?	I want to go now; I can eat a cow!	Where do you want to go?	We should try the new restaurant at the oceanfront!	Not sure they would have a cow.
May I offer you some wine?	"Yes, I would love some."	Do you like red or white wine?	I prefer white	"I am sorry, it turns out we don't have any white wine at the moment. Would red wine be okay?"	Of course I know if it is a wine you own no matter the color I know it's of fine quality
Do you think you'll go on vacation this year?	I am actually planning a trip to go away this fall.	"That's great, where do you plan on going?"	I'm thinking of going backpacking as a tourist through Afghanistan with my wife.	"That's dumb, but have fun"	It actually isn't as dangerous as people think.
What's your favorite type of food?	"If I had to choose, probably sushi."	Awesome! That's mine too!	I really love California rolls.	Those are also one of my favorites!	Do you have a favorite sushi restaurant?
Did you hear about the hotel fire yesterday?	No! Which hotel?	The Motel 6 by the freeway burnt down!	"No way, that's horrible!"	Luckily no one was hurt.	What caused the fire?
Any thing going out today?	A small stack of letters and one package.	Add this package to the pile.	Why are you mailing a package this large?	"Trust me, you don't want to know!"	"Okay, keep it a secret then. I don't care."
How often do you exercise?	I exercise everyday.	How long do you workout?	As long as I can until my energy is depleted.	What do you do for exercise?	I start with some cardio and end with strength training.
Can I ride to the polling place with you?	"Sure, I'll pick you up."	What time are you going?	I want to go right after lunch. Does that work for you?	What time is that specifically? I have a few things going on.	At 2pm. Is that a good time for you?
When are we leaving for your uncle's house?	We will leave very shortly.	How long will we be on the road?	It's about three hours if we don't stop for anything.	"We should take a break on the way though, safety first!"	There's a good midway stopping place.
Have we bumped into each other before?	Not that I recall	I guess you just have a familiar face.	That must be it.	Can I buy you a drink?	"Sure, and maybe one for my husband, he just went to the restroom."
Can you take me to the physiotherapist?	Okay please get in my car.	I'll need your help to get in the car.	What do I need to do?	Just hold my arm so I don't fall.	"Here you go, take your time."
Are you going to church on Sunday?	"Of course, I go every Sunday."	What church do you go to?	I go to the old catholic church downtown.	That thing is going to fall in one day.	"I hope not, but it is very old"
What haven't you tried?	the raw beef entree	"Why don't you order it, and if you don't like it, we can swap plates?"	"Ok, that's very nice of you."	I know; I'm the sweetest guy on earth.	I wouldn't go that far.
Where are you going by the way?	"That is none of your concern, I do not know you."	"oh, sorry. I thought you were someone else."	I hope you find that someone to be extremely attractive.	Anyone would be more attractive than you!	"Right back at you, buster."
How high can you jump?	I can't jump very high at all.	Neither can I really.	"I used to be able to , until I got old."	How old ARE you?	Just turned 8 and a half last week!
Would you please mail these letters for me?	I'll go to the post office on my lunch break.	Are you sure? The queue can be really long at lunchtime.	"That's a good point, I'll drop them in the postbox on my way home from work."	"Oh, could you pick up dinner on the way home too?"	Sure. What do you want for dinner?
What is your dog called?	Drogon the conquerer	Mine is called Little Bit.	That's a cute name! Is it short?	Actually he's a giant pit bill. We call him Little Bit because when he was a puppy he bit everything and everyone.	We call mine dragon the conquerer becaue he is 5 pounds but thinks he can take on all comers.
Can I borrow your computer?	"No, I need it for work."	"Please, I'll pay you."	Just buy your own computer. I need mine.	"But I'm totally broke, maybe I'll steal one from school!"	Why don't you use the library PC?
Is there a pharmacy nearby?	"Yes, on Main Street."	"Oh great, thank you."	What do you need?	Just a few essentials and I don't want to drive too far.	you can order online if you don't want to drive.
Can we go to the park?	"Yes, this evening."	What time exactly?	Does six work for you?	"Yea, I think I can make it at six."	See you then!
Where is the hotel?	It is in downtown right by the convention center.	"Oh, cool. Thanks!"	Are you going to book it online?	"Yes, I'm going to do that right now."	Book two rooms.
Can you set my alarm clock?	I will set it for 8 o clock.	Can you set it for 7:30 instead?	Is that your final answer?	Yes because I don't want to oversleep.	Okay well don't yell at me in the morning if you are grumpy and tired.
Can I borrow a pencil?	"Sure, but you will need to sharpen it."	You don't have a mechanical pencil?	"No, the lead always breaks off those."	Do you have a sharpener I can borrow as well?	"Ironically, my sharpener broke last week and I haven't had a chance to buy a new one."
What are your plans for later?	I think I'm just going to stay in and watch a movie.	Sounds good. What movie are you going to watch?	I think I'll watch Harry Potter.	Have you read the Harry Potter books?	"No, I haven't read a single one."
Where are you going?	I'm going home.	I would like to go with you.	Sure you can come along.	What will you do when you get home?	"I don't know yet, probably watch TV."
Did you run out of minutes on your phone again?	"Yes,I find it difficult to keep track of my credit balance."	You should get a plan with more minutes.	First I need a job with more paycheck.	Welcome to my life!	Seems like it's going around!
What have you done today?	I woke up and ate breakfast.	What did you have?	Bacon and eggs. You?	I had a poached egg on wheat toast and a banana.	Sounds so filling
Are out of your mind?	"At this point, I think I may be."	Has this been going on long?	Since the daffodils started telling me their secrets.	Maybe we need to have you take a long rest. Vacation time!	May I bring my daffodils with me?
Do you think I will need to wear a coat when I go outside?	"Yes, because if you don't you'll die."	"Why, What's out there?"	The cold the cold is outside.	"Well, yeah, but, is it really that bad today?"	It is really that cold
What is the time?	It is 1:48p.m.	Did you go to lunch already?	"Yes, about an hour ago. But, would you like to go with us tomorrow when we go to the new buffet place?"	"Absolutely, that sounds like a treat!"	So when are we meeting?
Was it on this side of the street or the other?	"No, it was further down on the next block."	Let me know when you think we are close.	You'll see a brightly lit sign. You can't miss it.	You would be surprised at how easy I get lost and will miss the sign.	"Oh, there it is. You missed it."
May I pet your dog?	"Sure, she really likes it when you scratch behind her ears."	She seems very friendly.	She is. She loves kids.	That's good. Some dogs definitely do not.	I know- at the dog park yesterday I saw a little toy poodle viciously attack and maul a pitbull that was on a leash.
Your next appointment with who?	It's with my cardiologist.	Is everything okay? That doesn't sound good.	"Yeah, no worries, you just got my heart a beating baby!"	That's the cheesiest line I've ever heard.	Are you really going to see your cardiologist?
What would you like?	I'd like a cheeseburger and fries.	Awesome! Please step to the side and your order will be out in five minutes.	"Excuse me, but I think you forgot to give me change."	"You paid with your credit card, sir, there is no change."	"I don't like your tone there, missy. I want to speak to the manager!"
Have you and I met before?	"Yes, many years ago at that crazy bachelor party in Reno."	"Oh yeah, you were with Kevin, guy with the beard."	Yes! Do you still talk to any of the other guys?	Not very often. Most of them have moved away.	I keep in touch with one or two of them but most are in other places and we just never seem to get in touch.
What did you get your Mother for Mother's Day?	a bouquet of red roses	I bet she really liked that!	They are her favourite.	"Waitaminute, you told me your mother died last year!"	She did. I brought them to her grave.
Would you be interested in this?	"Why yes, I would be interested in this book."	What interests you most about this book?	I read a favorable review.	Are you familiar with the author?	yes I am
what did you learn in school today?	That people got dysentery and died.	Good thing dysentery isn't common anymore.	It could always come back.	"Well, it's pretty unlikely"	I'm thankful for that fact!
What church do you attend?	The Methodist church	What do you like about that church?	I like that they don't expect me to give them money.	"You really should tithe at least, though."	I do when I can.
Do you feel better?	"No, I feel worse"	Do you need anything?	"Yes, some aspirin please."	I only have Tylenol. Is that OK?	"Yes, Tylenol will be fine."
What's the funniest movie you've ever seen?	Bridesmaids is the funniest movie I've ever seen.	Isn't it? Did you see it in the theater?	I did; I saw it with Jeff!	I thought you didn't like Jeff.	"Stop judging my life choices, Grandpa. Just because I don't want to marry some guy doesn't mean I can't go see a movie with him."
What is your name?	My name is Rey.	"Nice to meet you Rey, anything I can do for you while I am here?"	"Yeah thanks, could you get me the menu and a club soda?"	"Absolutely, I will be right back."	"Great, thank you."
How's you mother doing?	She is quite well now.	That's good! I was worried about her!	Yeah she's doing a lot better thanks for asking.	When will they release her from the hospital?	In another three days.
How was your trip?	It was great! We had a good time.	When did you get back?	Late Tuesday night.	Where all did you end up going?	We drove cross country and stopped at a lot of places. Do you want to see my photos?
Why are you talking to me like that?	Because you're not listening!	I think you are being extremely rude.	You're not listening to me! That's rude!	"Look here mister, I am listening to you. It is not my fault if you don't make any sense when speaking."	You need to calm down and take a deep breath.
"Hey, do you know if there's a sale at that trendy clothing store today?"	No there are never sales in that store.	"That's unfortunate, they have so many great pieces in there."	I know. I too wish they had a sale someday.	What if I told you there was a sale today? Would you go?	Of course I would!
What should we get dad for Father's Day?	What about a robot vacuum cleaner?	Or a golf gift certificate	Dad hates golf. What's wrong with you?	"Sorry, I was having a flashback to the war."	Did you golf during the war?
"I like music, could you play some CDs for me?"	You want country or pop?	"I would prefer some old school country, please."	"I have a blue grass CD, will that work?"	"Sure, let's try that."	My grandpa got me into bluegrass.
What time is dinner?	Dinner tonight is at 7 pm.	What are you making?	Are you kidding me? It's your turn to make dinner!	No it's not! I made dinner last night!	Can you please make it tonight? I'm so tired from working all day.
Can you send me a picture of the assignment?	"Yes, I will email it to you later."	"Great, Thank you!"	Let me know when you get the email.	I will. Do you think this assignment will take long to do?	Depends on how well you know the topic.
Can you arrange a meeting?	Yes how about right now?	That's even better! Go ahead and grab a seat.	"Okay, I'll be in conference room number one."	Oh and don't forget we will be talking about the surprise party.	what surprise party?
Do you want to stay?	"No, I miss my home."	"Please don't go, I'll miss you."	I'll come to visit you every weekend.	"Well okay then, I guess I'll cope."	You should try and visit me whenever you can also.
Is it far from here?	"No, not much further."	Are you sure? Because I'm getting hungry.	"I'm positive, it's only about ten miles."	When we get there can we eat first?	Of course and we'll take a bathroom break too. I do have snacks in the cooler if you'd like to munch on something small to hold you over for a little bit until we get there.
Can you take me somewhere?	Where do you want to go?	The supermarket near the mall.	"Which one, Cubs or Lunds?"	I want to go to Lunds because it's cheaper	What do you want to buy anyway?
What kind of mascara are you wearing?	Maybe it's Maybelline.	Was it very expensive?	"Not at all, about seven dollars. Good value."	Seven dollars? I just use charcoal that I get for free from the refinery.	"If you keep using it, you might get serious health issues."
Have you met them yet?	Yes but only briefly	They're very nice people.	I thought so too!	"OK, but you really don't have to yell."	Sorry I just get excited.
Where did you find it?	I found it under the couch.	Let me have it please. Those belong to me.	"OK, but I think the dog chewed it some."	What! I knew that dog has had it out for me!	Oh come on! He is just a dog!
Do you want to eat at home?	"No, I would rather go out."	"Please, we could stay home and eat in bed."	That just sounds silly.	"I am silly. Silly for you, you goof."	I love you.
What is your favorite dish?	I love calzones.	I love calzones also.	Have you tried them at the new pizzeria by the mall?	"Yes! Unfortunately, they made me break out in hives."	"Oh no, that's terrible!"
How is the weather outside?	It's nice and sunny	Awesome! My favorite weather!	Shall we head over to the water park?	"Yes, just give me a few minutes to get my bathing suit."	Don't forget a change of clothes too.
Did you see the match today?	Yes I did	It was so boring.	Agreed. I almost fell asleep.	I hope the next one is more exciting. Who is he playing against then?	"I don't know, some new guy."
What if I don't make it?	"You will, you will be just fine."	Okay I will try.	You can call me if you have any problems.	But you never answer my voicemails.	That's because no one uses voicemail anymore.
Would you like to go to get coffee?	"Yes, I could use a good cup of coffee"	Do they have food at the coffee shop?	"Sure, but it's honestly not very good."	"Good to know, is there another place that has good coffee and food?"	The restaurant up town has amazing food
What's your favorite food?	I like any type of Asian food.	Can you be a little specific? I was planning a surprise!	Thai food is always welcome.	I love Thai food too! Have you been to Thailand?	I've never left the country!
How did you like the movie?	It was a bit boring but it had its moments.	Oh yeah? What was your favorite part in the movie?	There was a funny scene where they were making jokes in the car	That doesn't seem too exciting.	It was a more a feel-good family movie than an sction-packed thriller.
When do your holidays begin?	In about four weeks.	Where are you planning to go in holidays?	I will probably go to Hawaii.	Have you been there before?	"No, this is the first time that I will visit Hawaii."
Can I go to bed?	Yes you can. See you in the morning.	Aren't you coming with me?	In a little while.	OK but if you change your mind I'll be reading for awhile.	"Sounds good, I'll join you soon."
Where are we going?	I thought we'd stop by that little candle shop that you like.	"Oh, thank-you so much! You know me so well!"	What is your favorite scent of candle?	I really like sandalwood.	They have a new scent called carnival.
Would you please make sure my insurance cards are in my wallet?	Yup. They're there.	"You didn't take any money out of my wallet, did you?"	Yeah I needed lunch money.	"I will gladly give you lunch money, but don't take my money without permission! That's stealing."	"I was already in your wallet, I didn't steal it I took it."
Are you going on a date?	Yes! Finally a night out with my hubby!	Where are you two going to do?	We are going to the movies.	What movie are you going to see?	"We haven't decided, we usually discuss what to see over dinner."
Where is a good place to eat around here?	There's a great casual place not far from here. The food is good and it's cheap.	What type of food do they have?	It's an Asian-French fusion restaurant. It was highly rated by a local blogger.	"Wait, was this the same blogger who recommended the Thai place?"	Yes she is amazing
Do you know if they are still accepting applications?	"No, the deadline was yesterday."	"Oh no, I missed it!"	Sucks to be you.	I see you came in as runner up in the Compassion Awards.	"Well, what can I say, if I weren't so modest I would be perfect."
What did you say?	I asked you what you did today.	I went jogging.	Where did you go?	"Around the new development, They have a nice park there."	Really? That's great!
Would you be so kind as to bring me my slippers?	They are literally two inches from your feet. Quit being so lazy.	"Watch your mouth, young lady!"	Maybe I would if you could do anything without ordering me around.	Ill order you around all I please!	"Yeah, and you won't get your slippers, though!"
What are we having for lunch?	"I'm making grilled cheese on wheat, and tomatoe soup."	"That's not lunch,that's a appetizer"	Then you can make your own lunch!	"Ok, I will!"	and correct your grammar while you're at it.
Where did the dog go?	She went out to the backyard with the kids.	What kids? we don't have kids.	With the neighbor's kids. They came over and asked if they could play ball with her for a bit.	Is somebody watching them?	Well duh of course
Do you know where the remote is?	No but try checking underneath or between the couch cushions.	It always seems to end up there.	Grab any loose change you find.	"No problem, I was going to do that anyway."	Also grab anything you find in there.
Can we go to Six Flags?	Six Flags is for chumps. Real men do it Disney.	Why don't you like Six Flags?	People die there.	Are you sure people don't die at Disney?	"People unfortunately have died on Disney rides, haven't you read the media?"
Do you have a dog?	"Yes, I have 4 dogs"	How much food do you need to buy a week?	More than I buy my family.	I bet that gets expensive.	You bet. dog food is expensive.
Can we go out for a drive?	Yeah go start the car	Would you like to go to a movie after the drive?	"I just have too much work to do tonight, sorry."	How about a movie tomorrow night?	"I have to work tomorrow night, but we can go this weekend."
Could you please help me find someone to shovel my sidewalks?	I can put an ad up for you.	I would appreciate that. I pay well.	How much is well to you?	at least $20	That sounds about right!
Could you please tell the nurse that I have been getting constipated?	I will let her know	"Also let her know that i've been trying fiber and anti constipation pills, but nothing has worked."	Have you been drinking plenty of fluids?	"Yes, I've been drinking lots of water, Gatorade, and fruit juice."	Has your food intake changed?
Is your daughter still in girl scouts?	NO she got bored of it.	I would think so. She's 27 isn't she?	Haha. 8 going on 27!	She's growing up way too fast!	So what's she interested in lately?
How many pets do you have?	I have 3 total pets.	What kinds of pets are they?	I have 2 dogs and a cat.	And they get along?	They are best friends.
Can you help me?	"Of course, what do you need me to do?"	Reach that bottle of wine on the top shelf.	What are going to do with the wine?	I'm going to use It In the food I'm making for dinner	Please stop yelling silly.
Will I be able to walk again?	With exercise and therapy it's likely.	How long do you think that will take?	It will probably take several months.	Well I guess my tennis career will have to wait.	Your tennis career may not have to wait that long. Make that your ambition and work harder so you can be even more successful at tennis. That drive will make you work harder during your therapy sessions.
How was your night?	it was okay	Did you sleep well?	"Pretty well, but I had some bad dreams."	That's never fun.	"Well yeah, but now that I'm awake I can go on with my day."
Could you please turn off the television?	"No, this is my favorite show"	"Please, I don't want to watch it."	"I'll put it on the DVR, but you don't know what you're missing."	It's been a long day. Maybe I'll watch it with you later.	So what do you want to do in the meantime?
Where is my daughter today?	She's with her grandparents.	What are they doing?	I think they're going to the zoo!	I hope she has fun.	She always has fun with her grandparents.
Who is coming today?	Your Dad is coming to visit you.	Is he mad at me?	I don't think he is mad. Should he be mad at you?	Well last time we talked he seemed kind of short with me.	Everyone seems short with you when you're 6'6. Ha ha.
Will you help me?	Yes definitely I will help you.	"Thanks, can you just hold this right there?"	"Yes, sure. I've got it."	Let me know if it gets too heavy for you.	It's too heavy!
Will you please feed the dog?	Sure why not	He requires water too!	"I know, I'll give him water."	He'll love you forever once you've fed him.	I might plan to take him home with me.
Can you please get me something to eat?	Yes I can get you something now.	"Thanks, I just need a snack."	How about some peanuts?	"Sure, that sounds great."	"Do you like salted, unsalted, or flavoured?"
How do you like your food?	It was good.	Would you recommend it to a friend?	I sure would.	Then I'll go and get some tomorrow.	I am sure you will enjoy the food too.
Who do you want to win the match?	I always root for the underdog.	So who is the underdog here?	"For me it has to be the Hawks, they've lost every game this season."	Sounds like a true underdog to me.	I even made a 50 dollar bet on them.
Is lunch almost ready?	"Yes, give me ten more minutes."	What are you cooking since so long?	"Pizza, I ordered it from Domino's and it's on the way."	Well that explains it!	"I haven't been grocery shopping yet, so you're getting delivery or nothing. You might as well not complain."
Did you see that bad accident last night?	"Yes, it was caused by the sink hole!"	I wish I never have to experience something like that firsthand!	Oh I know what you mean. Maybe we should move to someplace that doesn't have that problem.	But there are sink holes in all parts of the world. I think we just need to be careful and pay attention when we are driving.	"I suppose. It still worries me, though."
Are the phone lines down?	"Yes, I noticed we were having trouble. I saw the neighbor who told me the lines were down when I went to check the mail."	I'll have to call the office tomorrow then.	"They are not open tomorrow, it's a holiday."	"Duh, I can just use my cell phone."	"Oh, that's right!"
Is she into dudes?	I don't know her like that.	"I hope she is, I am really into her."	Why don't you invite her to the party this weekend?	"I would love to, but I'm supposed to bring my girlfriend."	So you have a girlfriend and you're looking at other women?
What is for dinner?	Pizza rolls and whiskey.	"That sounds great, shall I bring something too?"	Not unless you want to.	Well I did buy this nasty new outfit if you'd like to see it.	I would love to.
What movie would you like to watch?	Pirates of the Carribbean.	Not that crappy movie	It's an underrated cult classic!	Right but you watch it at least once a week and quote it all of the time. It's getting old.	The classics never get old!
How long have you been speaking English?	About 10 years.	Wow. Your English is very good.	"Thank you, I try really hard to keep improving."	I would like to learn another language as well.	You should! It takes a while but if you do it every day it's easier.
How could you break it so easily?	It was an accident.	You should be more careful.	"I'm sorry, it won't happen again."	"be careful, don't do such thigs again"	"I was , it just slipped"
Is the heat on?	"It's on, but to hot."	"Yes, I agree. Let's go turn it down a notch."	"Not too cold, please."	I set it to 70 degrees. It was on 75 degrees.	"I literally just told not too cold, were you even listening?"
What is your house wine?	It's a delicious white wine and we're on the last bottle. Would you like some?	"Yes, please bring me a glass."	I recommend taking the bottle if you like it.	How much is it for the bottle?	Take it as a gift from me.
Can I get you something to drink?	"Yes, I will take a cold soda if you have one."	"I have soda, would you like to have extra ice cubes?"	Just a few in a glass would be fine	"Okay, here you go."	Thank you dear.
When is the movie?	"Use your phone, Steve. Seriously."	"Yeah, come on Steve, get your act on."	My cell battery's dead. Just google the movie theater for me.	"Ugh, okay. First world problems, huh?"	Gotta love technology!
What is your name?	My name is Bob. What's yours?	My name is Simon. I was named after the chipmunk.	"Simon is the smart one, right?"	"No, Simon was the dumb one."	"Well, he was the funny one too. Haha!"
Why are you doing this?	It makes me happy	"It doesn't really, does it?"	"No, I'm serious, it actually does."	You enjoy the weirdest things.	Why yes I do
Will you help me?	I do not have time today	That's okay. What about tomorrow?	"Sure, tomorrow is fine."	Are you available at three PM?	Yes I am. Should we meet at your house?
What are doing later tonight?	I have to go home and study for the big exam tomorrow.	I think I will do the same!	You want to study together?	Sure! Sounds like a plan.	"Cool, you're so smart! I can't wait."
Hey where did you get that?	I got it at a thrift store in Austin.	very unique! I wish I knew where to get one!	They had several in Austin. You should try there.	But I live in Hong Kong!	"They have airplanes, you know."
Have you seen our cat?	I saw him in the garden earlier.	Did he look hungry at all?	No he was busy stalking my dog as we crossed into your yard.	Would you mind if I looked in your yard to see if he is there?	"You are already standing in my yard, and there's clearly no cat here."
Can I claim personal injury?	I suppose you can.	My back really hurts from falling off the ladder.	Well maybe you shouldn't climb ladders when you're drunk.	That's probably a good idea.	"Yeah, it is a good idea. Haha."
May I have another?	Yes you may.	Is it okay to give one to Bobby too?	"I don't mind at all, but give him the smashed one."	Why not give him the other one that is not smashed?	Because I feel like being mean to him today.
Around what time should I call you next weekend?	Saturday afternoon sounds good.	"Alright, I will call you then."	"Sure, maybe text me first because I may be running some errands before that."	If I don't respond to your text it may be because I am in the shower.	What if I just call you?
What's your favorite videogame?	"I do not play many video games but since you asked, it would be Candy Crush."	That's not a real video game.	"Oh really? What makes a real video game, then?"	Is it you who's been sending me all those Candy Crush invites?	"You better watch your tone there, Mr. Sanders. I am going to break the glass ceiling on Candy Crush success!"
Why is that bill so high?	It's because we had that water leak	"Yeah, that is right. Hopefully we can get the leak fixed as soon as possible."	How much will it cost?	A lot. We'll be living on raman noodles for a while.	Good thing I love raman!
Do you have any big plans for the holiday weekend?	"Yes, I'm hoping to go visit friends in Toronto. How about you?"	I plan to go to garage sales.	Are you looking for something special?	"Yes, Im looking for a dresser."	I have an antique dresser in my attic you may be interested in.
When do we eat?	We'll be eating shortly.	I'm not really hungry.	"Do you want to push back dinner, then?"	"No, you can go ahead and eat and I will have something a bit later."	"okay, i'll have then"
How come she gets the larger steak?	Because she paid for the larger steak.	I guess you get what you pay for.	You can say that again.	Next time I should probably order the larger one.	That would be my suggestion.
Do you know what happened to my shirt?	I think the dog ate it	That must be a joke.	"OK, the dog just mauled it."	Your right my shirt is ruined.	Thankfully it wasn't one of your favorites!
How have you been?	"Pretty good, you?"	Not really. My mother died last month. It's so hard on us all right now.	I'm so sorry to hear that!	"She had been sick for a while, so it was kind of expected."	My Heartily condolences go to you and your family.
Is the line to the bathroom really long?	yes the line to the bathroom is long like the Disneyland lines.	"Oh, then I will just wait until we get home."	Probably your best option.	Then we probably need to leave now since they never have enough stalls for women.	"Okay, let's go. I don't want you to have an accident."
What is wrong with you?	"Nothing at all, why?"	You were really mean to the new girl.	She's my step-sister! And she purposely wrecked my shoes last night!	"Oh,.well then, of course it's alright to be mean to her then."	"Wow, it didn't take much for you to see me point of view."
When do you have to be home?	I need to be home by 11pm.	I think we can manage that. The movie is over at 10:30.	You think we should bring a blanket?	Yeah I think we should! Can you bring one? I don't think I have any at home.	"Sure, I will bring the blanket."
What made you wake up early?	I have to go to work.	I meant earlier this morning because I could hear you downstairs coughing.	"Oh, that. I think it was just the fact that the room was light."	"If the light wakes you up, you should pull the shades down before you go to sleep every night. You woke me up moving around and coughing."	I am so sorry about that! I will be careful next time.
How do we get there?	You can take a right at the next traffic light.	"OK, what do I do after that?"	"I'm not sure, let me look."	"Okay. Hurry up, though, it's green."	I will get back to you. Let me think
How much is it for just one?	You will pay one dollar for one person.	Do you take cash?	It's only a buck so cash is all we accept.	"Excellent, that's all I have."	Then it works out for both of us!
You want a shortcut to where exactly?	From here to the store on 5th.	The store by the McDonald's on 5th?	Sure. I just need to get to 5th street mainly.	Make a left at the next light and go straight ahead for one mile.	Thanks. You are a lifesaver.
How are you feeling?	Better than I was yesterday	Great you will feel even better than that tomorrow.	When you had the flu you felt better after three days?	"No, not that quick. I felt better after four."	"Okay, I hope I feel even better tomorrow then."
Where can I find it?	It's In the kitchen.	Where in the kitchen?	Where would you think the microwave would be in the kitchen?	"Well, I would at least think you had a visible microwave, but I still can't see it!"	its in the right corner.
How was your day?	It was nice.	You're yelling at me again	"Oops, sorry. Didn't realize my caps lock was on. It was nice. How about yours?"	My day was great!	"So, what's going on with Robert?"
Do you need any other help in setup?	"No, you've covered the procedure very well, thanks."	"I'm glad you think that, thanks!"	"your welcomr, and thank you for you help/"	Let me know if I can assist you further in any way.	"I will, thank you again."
Do you like going to concerts?	I love them	Are you going to one this summer?	"Yes, I already have tickets to three."	"Wow, you must love music."	Yeah and the amphitheater is only 2 miles from my house.
How much will this cost me?	Just under $100	How much exactly?	It will cost $99.99	Well that is just under a 100 huh.	NO you get a discount of.01
Do you have plans for the weekend?	"Yes, I'm going out with friends."	May I come with you?	Yes we'd love to have you come with us.	Nice! What time?	We usually meet up at 11 am in Piedmont Park.
Could you get me a drink of water please?	Absolutely! Would you like lemon?	I would love lemon.	"Just a minute, let me find a clean cup."	Thank you! Want to sit down and chat for a bit?	"Sorry, I have to go finish my homework."
What do you mean?	I mean you cannot go.	But I really want to.	"I don't have an extra ticket, sorry."	What if I buy my own ticket?	I didn't want It to come to this but john really doesn't want you there.
What is on TV?	The new Is on right now.	I know you like the news but no need to get upset.	"Relax, there's a story about a dog that saved a kid's life, you should take a look for yourself!"	Okay. You seem really excitable today.	I'm always excited when the news is on.
What is for dinner?	"Chicken, rice and broccoli."	Where's the beef?	"The beef is at Wendy's but I have no money, unless you are buying?"	Sure lets go	I was only joking. I already have everything ready for supper and we should just eat here.
What is the giant black thing over there?	I don't want to find out.	"Well one of us has to go check it out, and I killed that spider for you last week, so it's your turn to check it out!"	You only killed the spider because I had to get rid of the bat in the attic before that! So it's your turn again!	No that would still make it your turn again.	I'm packing my bags and moving out!
Do you want something to eat?	"Yes, I'm starved."	"Me too, let's get pizza!"	I know a great pizzeria that is not very far away.	"I know which one you're talking about. I think they're great, too."	Alright! Let's get going!
Why should I close the window?	You will let in flies.	"Maybe i'd rather have the flies, it's so hot in here!"	Just remember that when they are crawling on you.	"Hey, brilliant idea! Why don't we buy window screens!"	Sounds good! Let's go to the hardware store right now before it gets any hotter.
What would you like?	I would love a million dollars please.	I'd love to give you that but I can't.	That's a real shame.	I don't think so	Can I get another wish?
"I also like baseball, do you?"	No much. I prefer football	I like football as well!	Baseball does not have enough action to keep me interested.	"It's a more cerebral game, that's for sure."	Are you saying I'm stupid?
What do you do?	I stay at home with my children.	"Oh, how old are your children?"	"Two and four, they sure keep me busy."	Sounds like you have your hands full.	I sure do! Do you have any children?
What do you want to do?	"I don't know, what do you want to do?"	"I don't know, what do you want to do?"	I want to do whatever you want to do.	I have no idea what I want to do. What do you want to do?	This conversation is not getting us very far!
Did you watch the football game last night?	No I went to be early	"Too bad, it was a great game."	Really? I don't really like watching football.	Who doesn't like football?	I just don't care for it enough to stay up late.
Have you see what the dog was wearing today?	no I haven't paid attention to it	"The dog is wearing clothes, and you couldn't be bothered to notice what clothing the dog is wearing?"	"Well, I'm feeling quite sleepy today."	You really must be.	you work all day so long thats why.
When will I get to see you again?	Maybe for the holidays.	That seems so far away.	"OK, how about we video chat then?"	"It's not the same, though. Can't you come before?"	"I will try, but I'm not sure I can get the time off work."
Did you plant tomatoes?	"No, I don't like tomatoes."	What else did you plant?	"Eggplant, squash and cucumbers."	"So, any particular reason for your lack of love for tomatoes?"	Because they are disgusting pieces of squishy fruit that have no place in a proper salad.
Have you met my husband?	"I think so. Kevin, right? With a beard?"	"No, Ralph, very bald, hairless actually."	"Oh, so who was the bearded guy I saw you with the other day?"	You mean my older brother? He was visiting from out of town.	"okay, I thought he was your husband"
Can you bring me a magazine?	Which one would you like?	"Something with lots of puzzles in it, please."	"Ok, what about the Puzzle Pack 5 magazine with weekly word searches and crossword puzzles?"	Not that one. I have completed all the puzzles in that magazine. Puzzle pack 10 please.	"Sure, you got it!"
What aren't you telling me?	"Nothing, I have told you everything I know."	I can tell by your shifty eyes that you're lying!	What are you accusing me of?	You are hiding something from me!	No. I swear i'm not!
Do you have more than one?	I have three total I believe.	So more than one.	"Wow, you are so perceptive."	"I guess I am. So, can you lend me one?"	"I could, but then I would have to worry about when I was going to get it back."
Did anyone take out the trash?	"No, I forgot to when I left the house. I'll take it out now."	"Thanks, I really appreciate it."	We're short on trash bags. Did you pick some up at the store?	I did. They are in the pantry.	I can't find them here. Are you sure you put them in the pantry?
What time is it?	It's 9 o'clock.	"Oh no, I better get home so I can let my dog out."	Please drive safely.	Of course I will.	Goodbye! See you tomorrow.
Can I pet your dog?	"Sure, that's fine!"	What kind of dog is it?	My dog is a bulldog.	"My, your bulldog is so friendly!"	"Thanks, they get a bad reputation."
How was the test?	The test was too good.	I think I did pretty well too.	I bet I did better than you.	What do you want to bet?	I'll bet you a free lunch that I did better than you.
Do you like jokes?	"Of course I do! Go ahead, I can tell you have a good one for me, let's hear it."	"I asked if you like jokes, not if you want to hear one."	Now that's disappointing. I was ready to be amused.	I have many jokes but they aren't appropriate for church.	Is that a joke?
"Can we go to the movie, tomorrow?"	"Sure, as long as you get all your homework done tonight."	Sure! Do you want to watch an action movie?	"No, I was thinking a romantic comedy. I know you love those."	I do but not as much as I love you.	"That is very sweet, I love you too."
How is your mother doing?	"My mom's well, thanks for asking!"	Is she still sewing?	"Yes, she helped make a quilt at the church last week."	I admire those that quilt. It's such a great skill!	She is great at what she does.
What time is the parade?	The parade will start just after noon.	Should we leave early to get a good spot?	"Yes, we should leave as soon as possible or we won't be able to see anything."	Let's start getting ready then.	"Okay, let's go! I love a parade!"
What is your favourite colour?	"Blue, most of the time."	Most of the time? What is it the rest of the time?	"The rest of the time, I prefer chartreuse."	Chartreuse? Never heard of it. Is it French?	"No, it's a color."
Where are my friends now?	I think that they are in their dance class now.	"Oh, I was hoping we could have all gone to see a movie together"	"Well, I'm not doing anything. Wanna go with me instead?"	Of course! What would you like to see?	Anything that interests you.
What did you guys get me for the Holidays?	"I can't tell you, you have to wait and open it on Christmas!"	Please tell me!	No peeking until Christmas.	"Well, if you say so, but I won't tell you what I got you, either!"	I accept this compromise.
Anything special for dinner?	"No, just meatloaf and mashed potatoes."	That sounds delicious	Well I'm glad you think so.	Especially the way you make it.	Stop it! you're making me blush again.
Did you get the homework done?	Yes I got some homework.	"No, I asked if it was done, not if you had some."	I will do it later.	"You will do it now, or no pudding for you!"	"OK, I will do it now."
Would you be able to get him to meet me?	I can ask him if he is willing.	What do you mean 'if he is willing'?	I can ask If he wants to meet you.	"Fine, tell him this is really important, please."	Okay but I cannot give any guarantees that he can meet you.
Would you like to go to the park?	Yes let's go now.	I haven't been to the park in over a year!	"Wow, that's a long time! What has kept you away?"	Work has been hectic and taking up all my time lately.	You should make time to relax.
Can you call my father?	"Yes, what Is his number?"	Let me read that out for you. There you go 9054599644.	"Okay, I will call him now."	"Thanks, tell him to pick me up at the Pelican bar. I am a bit drunk."	"Ok, will do."
Can you hand me my gray shirt?	The one on the chair?	No the one from my closet.	"Oh okay, I'll go grab it."	Good. Thank you.	Do you mind me asking why you have 27 gray shirts in the first place?
When will you arrive home?	About 7 o'clock	"Ok, I will be at class by then."	"I'll have dinner in the fridge, when you get home, all you have to do is warm it."	"Thanks a lot. So, how did your day go?"	"It was alright, not the best day by any stretch of the imagination."
Will there be a retest?	"No, this Is the final test."	When will the test be graded?	One week from today.	"Whoah, that's really fast, thank you for that."	You're welcome. I assumed that you all would want your grades back quickly.
What is for lunch?	We're ordering pizza.	"We had pizza yesterday, couldn't we have something else?"	How about Chinese?	"Okay, that sounds better."	Do you want noodles or rice?
Can you find my jacket for me please?	"Yes, I'll try."	"Thank you, dearheart."	You're welcome. I think it's in the car.	Found it! What is on it?	Your drivers licence and a couple of nickels.
Where would you like to get breakfast?	I would like to go to the diner down the street.	Is that the little place that puts whipped cream and sprinkles on the hot cocoa?	"Yes it is, and they have the pancakes with chocolate chip smiley face."	I'm going to get that with some strawberry milk.	come join me then.
Where did the cat go?	I have no idea.	Last time I saw it playing in the kitchen.	Then why don't you go look for it in the kitchen?	Why don't YOU go look for it in the kitchen?	"I looked already, can you please go check?"
Where are my shoes?	in your room	"Quite surprising, I kept them in the lobby, who did put them in the room?"	I did. Because I got tired of tripping over them.	Is there a better place I can keep them near the lobby?	yes your room.
What is the plan for today?	Let's go see a movie!	Is there a movie you want to see?	"Not particularly, we will decide when we get there."	I hope there is at least one good option.	"I am up for an action flick or a comedy, how about you?"
What are you having for dinner?	I'm going to Chipotle.	I love Chipotle!	What kind of burrito do you like?	I like the chicken.	Oh really? I prefer the beef ones.
Is that a new watch?	It is! I got it yesterday.	"It's beautiful, where did you get it?"	It's actually a present from my mother.	Any special occasion?	Yes I actually graduated college with my Doctorates!
Do you like jazz?	No I don't care for anything that isn't dubstep.	What is dubstep?	I'm surprised you haven't heard of it before.	Is it more like electronica or rock?	You wanna come over and I'll play some for you?
Do you have a light?	"No, sorry. I don't smoke"	"Well, what good are you?"	Sorry that I don't want to suck on a cancer stick.	No need to be rude about it.	You should try the E-cigs.
Did you see that new movie?	"Not yet, but my sister went and said it was pretty good. Kept her attention."	"That doesn't count, she is easily impressed."	"Wow, what a rude thing to say. Well, goodbye, I'll see you later."	I was just kidding; your sister's very nice.	Thanks for the compliment.
What are you doing today?	I'm going to the store later	Can you pick something up for dinner while you're out?	"Sure, what would you like to have?"	Let's have chicken parmesan. I'll cook if you pick up the ingredients.	"OK, sounds great!"
Would you be willing to go to Six Flags with me?	I'd like that. How about next weekend?	That doesn't suit me	What is a good day to fit your needs?	I'm getting my free day on Wednesday this week.	I cannot go on Wednesday.
Can you look up directions please?	Where do you want to go?	I would like to go to the new mall.	The one by the lake?	"No, the one UNDER the lake. Of course the one by the lake!"	I thought we were going looking for Atlantis.
What is the weather forecast for tomorrow?	"Cloudy, with a 20% chance of rain."	"Oh, now that's sucks!"	Really? It's only 20% chance and the weather people are almost always wrong.	I am actually wanting it to rain so I don't have to go out and water the garden myself.	Well let's hope that 20% happens then!
How is the weather?	"It's good, it's warm outside"	Should I carry an umbrella? Is it too hot or just mildly sunny?	"It's getting quit hot out, actually."	"Okay looks like I will bring an umbrella and sunscreen then, thanks!"	Don't mention it.
Where are you going?	I am going to the grocery store.	Can I come with you?	Sure. I'd enjoy the company.	"OK, let me grab an umbrella in case it rains."	ok I'll go start the car
Will Susie visit today?	"Yes, in an hour."	"Ok, could you tell her to bring some snacks"	What kind of snacks would you like?	"Chips or pretzels, thanks."	"No problem, I'll let Susie know."
Would you bring me a sweater?	Yes I will.	"Thanks, baby. You are such a sweetheart."	Your welcome it's not a problem at all.	Would you have done it if it had been a problem?	"Yes, because I love you."
What are you thinking about?	I am thinking about what to buy for dinner.	Why don't I take you to dinner instead.	I'd love that!	Where would you like to go?	Anywhere with a good salad bar.
What time should I arrive?	About 15 minutes before 8	Do I need to bring anything specific?	Can you bring a bottle of wine?	"Of course, be happy to."	"Oh, and a veggie tray?"
How are you doing today?	"I am well, how are you?"	I'm fine thank you	What are you doing today?	I am thinking of what to make for dinner?	Some days that is one of the hardest decisions to make!
What are you wearing to the party?	A Wonder Woman costume	I was thinking of being Sally	"You know, Sally from When Harry met Sally."	Why would you want to be Sally?	Why wouldn't you want to be Sally?
What should we have for breakfast?	I think we should make some breakfast pizza.	Maybe we can have brunch instead!	"Sounds good, because I'm in the mood for a mimosa."	I thought you said pizza?	Why not both?
When is the surgery scheduled?	It's scheduled next Wednesday	"So, you're going to drive me, right?"	Of course! When should I pick you up?	Can you pick me up at noon? I have to be there by one to fill out paperwork.	okay no issues.
How is your break going?	It's fine and I have the possibility to relax.	Do you have any fun plans for your break?	Yes! I might try that new restaurant that just opened.	Cool! I just tried it yesterday and they have some pretty good dishes!	what would you recommend?
Do you eat pickles?	NO I hate them	"why do you hate them, they are so tangy!"	There's something about the smell that is off-putting.	I guess some can say it's an acquired taste.	I love olives though.
Where is your father?	In the living room watching football.	"Oh, I thought the game already ended."	He's watching the college game now.	He hasn't moved from that couch in four hours. Do you think he might be asleep?	How can we tell?
"I am hungry, when is lunch?"	Around 1 o'clock	What are we having?	Peanut butter sandwiches.	"Oh, that sounds good."	If you're really lucky I might even put some jelly on it for you.
How about next weekend?	"No, next weekend is no good. I'm going to be in Vancouver."	"Oh, I love that city!"	"Yes, it's one of my favorite places."	How often have you been to Vancouver? I go all the time for work.	only couple of times
You don't like it?	"I do, I would just prefer a different color."	You are never happy with anything that I like.	Don't be so critical; it's really just your color preference that I find lacking.	Oh it's way more than that.	Stop being so negative. How about we chose a color that we both like?
Can you please let the dog out?	It's already out	Will you make sure it comes back in when it's done?	"Yes, I promise I will."	"You can't find the dog, can you?"	I know exactly where he is. He just hasn't finished yet.
Will you get my reports and deliver them to my doctor?	I will do	"Thanks, the doc is upstairs to the right, around the corner, third door on the left."	Thanks for giving me so much detail	Don't mention it	Will it be long before the doctor receives the reports?
How is your father?	He's doing pretty good. Going fishing with the boys this weekend.	And your mother?	She's as busy as ever!	And your sister?	"She's good, just got engaged and is turning into Bridezilla."
Where do you live?	"I live in Miami, FL."	Do you enjoy living there?	"I really love it! There's great weather, great food, and great culture."	Have you always lived there?	No. I used to live in Texas.
Did you get good sleep last night?	I slept 8 hours.	When did you have to wake up this morning?	I woke up around six.	"Wow, you got up early."	Yeah I have a busy day.
Which store has the best craft beer selection?	"I'm not really sure. Arturo's Liquor, maybe?"	"Great, I'll stop by there after work."	"Oh, I forgot, they aren't open on Sunday's."	"I guess I'll try them tomorrow, then."	Swing by my house when you leave there.
What do you want to eat?	"I want to eat everything, I'm so hungry."	Can you be more specific?	How about chinese food?	That sounds really yummy.	"Yeah, but chinese food fills you up and then you're hungry two hours later. How about mexican?"
I have my driver's license. Do you have yours?	"Of course, it's in my wallet."	Ok good. Hopefully they will let us in then.	The line looks really long though. Are you sure this is the club you want to go to?	"Yes, but if you would rather not wait we can go to a different one."	"If you don't mind waiting, neither do I."
Where are you from?	I hail from Jamaica.	Weird. I don't hear any accent.	I went to an American school.	Cool. Where in Jamaica?	I went to school in the capital.
"Oh, I am so sorry to hear that, why not try to sleep now?"	You're right. I need to get some rest.	Would you like to use our guest room until dinner is ready?	That would be amazing.	"Go upstairs, first door on the right."	See you in a bit.
How old is your son?	12 next year	He will be driving before you know it!	I know! Did you know he wants to start dating already?	That's pretty much what most boys at that age wants to do.	"Yeah, but I think it's too soon though."
How are you guys doing?	"We are doing fine, thanks for asking."	You're welcome! You all should come visit sometime!	I'd love that! When are you free?	My schedule is pretty full but maybe sometime this summer?	Sound good- maybe a Fourth of July party?
Do you think that bugs have souls?	I believe all living things have souls.	I do as well	"Demon souls, that is."	"Oh, you silly!"	How did we get on this subject anyway?
Can I give it a try?	No you need a licence.	What sort of licence?	A fishing license.	How do I go about getting he license today so I can try it?	you can apply online
Whose turn is it?	It's your turn	How was your day?	It was horrible.	Oh no! Tell me what happened!	don't feel like discussing
Where are you from?	"I'm originally from Minneapolis, Minnesota."	Why did you move from there?	I went off to college. Couldn't pass up a basketball scholarship.	That's a shame. What do you do for a living now?	I don't think it was a shame. Now I'm a basketball coach.
Is there something on my back?	It's a spider!	No! Get it off!	No I don't want to touch it!	Grab that magazine and use it!	YOU grab the magazine and use it yourself!
Where did you go?	"Sorry, I just went to run some errands and pick up dinner. Were you worried?"	Yes I was. I thought you got kidnapped.	"Yep, I got kidnapped and now I'm back. Anyway, ready to eat?"	Your cynical remarks will get you nowhere.	Neither will your judgmental assessments.
What can I take for the pain?	"Take 2 200 mg ibuprofen every four hours, if that isn't enough, you can take up to 800 milligrams of ibuprofen every four hours."	"Okay, thank you so much Doctor"	You can call me in the morning if it's not better.	What should I call you? Surely not Shirley.	You can call me bob
Are you going to the baby shower?	"No, I can't make it."	Why? Do you have some other important plans?	"Actually, I do. I'm going in for liposuction."	Can't you reschedule that?	"No, I'm sorry, I can't."
How can you tell when someone is lying to you?	If they avoid looking in your eyes.	Can you tell if I'm lying to you right now when I say I value your friendship?	I think you're lying for sure.	"yeah, you suck as a lie detector"	"Fine, you are my best friend."
Where is the bathroom?	Over in the back corner	That's a potted plant	"No, there's the bathroom door behind the plant!"	You mean I have to go around that plant to get to the bathroom? That plant's HUGE!	"Yes you will need to go around the plant, is that an issue for you?"
I can't really respond by text can you call me instead?	"I will call you in some minutes, okay?"	"OK, I'll wait for your call."	Talk to you soon.	"Hey, so, what's up?"	"Uh, I was wondering why you couldn't respond by text?"
Are we having lunch soon?	"Yes, just a few minutes."	I am starving to death over here!	I seriously doubt that!	I haven't eaten in two days!	Then maybe you should have my lunch too!
Are you excited about your new career?	Yes. I finally found a job I really want to do.	"That's wonderful! What is it? Oh, and sorry for SHOUTING earlier. Apparently I need to learn some manners!"	Thanks! I'm now the principal at a small charter school focused on integrating coding and technology into all aspects of the curriculum. It's going to be groundbreaking!	"Really, That sounds really really awesome"	"Yeah, I'm so EXCITED!"
Can we go to the park?	what can we do in the park?	Swing and talk like we used to.	"That sounds awfully nostalgic, let's get ice cream first like old times."	"Oh yes, that sounds nice."	And finally we can end the day by sitting on the porch and yelling at kids to stay off our lawn.
Is there any news yet?	No news yet	Will you text me if there is?	As soon as I hear anything.	I am worried if she is alright	i will let you know once I hear anything.
did she pee her pants?	I think she must have.	She must be so embarassed.	She doesn't look embarrassed.	"Well, she's only two years old!"	"Been there, done that."
What is your name?	My name is Al. What's yours?	My name is Maria. I was named after my grandma.	Who do you think I am named after?	Probably Al Bundy. Why are you shouting?	because you made me joyfull
When did Scott get home?	At 1:00 pm	Is that his usual time?	"No, but he got stuck at the office."	"Yeah, that happens."	I hate being done late like that.
How is she going to get there?	I don't know	Did you offer to drive her?	"No, she's far too mean for me to spend time with her like that."	Then why did you invite her in the first place?	I felt like I had to. She was standing there when Sandy brought it up.
Can you fix the computer for me?	yes I can	It gave me the blue screen of death after downloading a few games.	"Ah, I'm sorry. I'll try to make that better."	"All right, please do."	Were there any messages before the blue screen?
What do you want to do?	I would like to go to the movies.	Awesome! I'll go bring the car around!	See you soon then!	Think of what you want to watch when we get there.	lets watch something funny.
Where are you from?	I'm from America.	What state are you from?	I'm from Ohio. How about you?	I am from the state of Arizona.	I'm so sorry to hear that. Perhaps you could relocate?
How much homework do you have?	None. I'm 42 years old. What a bizarre question.	I wasn't talking to you. Go away.	Fine. No need to be rude.	If you don't like my attitude take a hike	"No, you take a hike. This is my house!"
Where is the library?	On the corner of Main and Poplar	Do you know the hours?	I believe it's open 9-5 during the week.	Do you go there often?	"Yeah, I use their computers a lot."
What's your kid been up to lately?	That is none of your business.	No need to be so rude!	I just get tired of people asking.	Better to be asked than for people not to care!	Not when asking becomes conversations I don't care for or have time to have.
What movie was she in?	She was in Gone with the Wind	I knew I recognized her.	Do you know what other movies she was In?	"Um, I think maybe that movie about breakfast somewhere."	Are you talking about Breakfast at Tiffany's?
Did you buy a new coat?	Thank you for noticing. Do you like it?	How could one not notice that? You can see it from the moon.	Is that good or bad?	"Well, that depends on how you look at it."	Well I love it
Why is the dog eating bubble-gum?	He is being a very naughty boy!	I think the naughty boy is whoever left gum laying around for the poor dog to find and eat.	Or an innocent boy who made a mistake.	"Either way, someone take the gum from the dog."	How about YOU take the gum from the dog?
Will I get to see your brother?	If he is home	Does he go out much?	"He is gone most of the time, he is really busy."	What does your brother do to keep him so busy?	he works a lot
Where is your restroom?	Around that corner.	"Which corner, the one to the right or left?"	The one on the right	"Okay, thank you!"	Is there any toilet paper?
What kind of music do you like?	Mostly death metal.	"Cool, what bands do you listen to?"	I love the Dresden Dolls.	Aren't they a group for old ladies?	"Punk rock old ladies, maybe!"
Do you have my email ID?	"Yes, I do."	Why are you yelling?	"I'm sorry, I forgot caps lock was on."	Do you remember my password?	"No, you should remember your own passwords!"
Can you call my son?	I need his phone number first.	So you're saying you can't?	That's exactly what I am saying. Why don't you call your son?	He won't answer my calls.	And why is that?
Where can I purchase this product?	You can purchase it at home depot.	I always get lost in that store.	Maybe you could ask a sales associate to help you find it then.	That seems to be what always happens to me.	And do they help you?
May I call you sometime?	Sure. Do you have my number?	I sure do! I have it saved in my phone.	I thought so.	I hope we can have another date really soon.	I would really like that.
How was your day at work?	It was cool today.	What were you working on?	Mind your own business.	You must have had a bad day to be so grouchy!	Don't get me started.
Can you do me a favor?	"I'll try, what Is It?"	Taste this milk and see if it's bad?	No way I'm going to taste that milk!	why don't you like it	I don't like it because you think it might be bad.
Do you want to go grocery shopping?	Yes what time?	whenever is best for you.	How about we leave In 15 minutes?	we can leave in 15 minutes.	"Great, see you out front in 15."
Have you been to Canada?	"Yes, I went there to go moose hunting once. It was just aboot the most fun I've ever had."	How did you learn to moose hunt?	"By going to Canada. After hockey, it's their most popular sport."	How many people in Canada do you think love hockey and hunt moose?	I would say the vast majority enjoy one or the other.
What time would you like me to come?	How about 8:00?	That sounds sorta perfect.	You're sorta perfect.	Oh? Is that where we're going with this?	Is that where you want it to go?
Can you hang my clothes please?	"Yes, I can."	"Great, Thank you!"	Do you have more clothes to wash?	"No, just the jumbo load I did earlier."	"Ok, then I will start my laundry if you're done."
Did the phone ring?	Yeah it was a wrong number	Was it the hotline bling?	No some guy with an accent was asking me if my refrigerator was running.	Sure it was.	Are you doubting me? You don't know me! You can't judge me! YOU'RE NOT MY MOTHER!
"I am busy at the moment, can we talk later?"	Yeah just call me then.	Is 9.00pm ok?	9:00pm should be fine.	Are your kids in bed at that time?	"Yes, they will be fast asleep so don't worry. I'll keep the ringer off just in case."
Do you know where my keys are?	"Yeah, you left them in your jacket pocket."	"Oh no, the jacket that just went into the washing machine?"	"Uh oh. Yes, that's the one, unfortunately."	"Ah, ok. I will have to fish them out."	They should be fine
Do you think the Crocodile Hunter got a little too close and comfortable with those animals?	"I don't know, they are wild animals, after all."	That is a good point. He was not scared at all.	I think it was just a freak thing that killed him.	"Yes, you're probably right"	It was very sad.
Did you receive the check that I sent to you in the mail?	"Yes, but I did not appreciate what you wrote in the memo field of the check!"	I was just kidding around.	Well I didn't find it funny!	It'll keep you smiling while the check bounces.	"Figures, coming from you!"
Have we met before?	I can't believe you don't remember me! I'm so upset.	Well I meet so many people on a day to day basis it's hard to keep up sometimes.	We went on a couple dates a few years back.	I didn't realize that was before my accident. I fell off a rock face when mountain climbing and lost a good portion of my memory. What can you tell me about these dates?	you are kidding right?
Is there any food left?	"A little bit, but we should really go grocery shopping sometime today."	I hate going to the grocery store on a Saturday.	Sometimes we can't avoid that which we hate.	I guess we still need to eat.	Or we could order delivery pizza or Chinese food.
What's the weather forecast?	Hot and humid.	Ugh. I'm already looking forward to winter.	You mean with all that black ice?	"Yeah, I guess you're right. There's always something to complain about any weather."	There's also something to be happy about in any weather. It just depends on how you want to view your day.
Could you please get me a drink of water?	Sure. Would you like ice in it?	Oh! Yes please!	"No problem, be right back."	Make sure you use a clean glass!	Are there actually dirty glasses in with the clean dishes?
Did you get the oil changed in the car?	"I don't even know how to change the oil, brah."	"Yes, it's way overdue!"	Where should I take it to have it done?	Take it to the Dodge dealership down the street from us. They will change it for you.	"Ok, thanks for the advice."
Did you drink the last of the milk?	"Nope, it wasn't me. Milk makes me all phlegm-y."	"You are really missing something, chocolate milk is the bomb."	"Maybe so, but I didn't drink it."	Good more for me then.	"I tried chocolate almond milk once, never again!"
Do you want to get together for a movie Friday?	"I am busy Friday, how about Saturday?"	"I'm busy Saturday, how about Sunday?"	"I'm busy Sunday, how about Monday?"	I think I will ask someone else out instead seeing as you can't make time for me.	Well that is pretty rude surely we can a good day for both of us.
Have you met my bother?	"Yes, we met at the concert last month."	Where was my invitation?	I think your brother used it.	I am going to kick his butt!	He told me you couldn't come!
Have you read any good books lately?	No. I've been too busy to read	"Oh, you should make time to read this great book I just read."	What's the title of the book?	"I can't remember exactly, the title was something about a red tent."	okay will read it.
Would you like to have something to drink?	I will have anything cold to drink.	There's soda in the fridge.	"Great, thank you."	You're welcome. Help yourself.	Can I get a straw somewhere?
Do you want to go get lunch?	No thanks. I'm on a diet.	We can eat some salad instead.	"Thats okay I brought food from home, maybe next time though."	"Okay, suit yourself"	How about a rain check for tommorow?
Does your daughter like vegetables?	Yes she does like them.	I wish it were so easy with mine. I have to trick her into eating them.	She might grow out of that.	"I sure hope so, it would make things easier."	Their palettes change every seven years!
What do you wanna eat?	I would like a salad.	"I don't have any salad, how about some soup?"	I'm allergic to soup.	No one is allergic to soup.	You are right and I was just joking. I'm just not in the mood for soup. How about a tuna sandwich?
Do you have any job vacancies?	"Sorry, no. All filled up."	Filled up with what?	Filled up by better qualified candidates.	Better than me? I doubt that.	"I appreciate your confidence in your ability to do the job, but the fact remains that our positions are already filled."
Did you speak to the doctor?	"Yes I did, thank you."	And what did he tell you to do?	"Actually, my doctor's a woman. She said I should work on my posture and exercise."	"Oh that's good to know, at least it's not something that requires extensive treatment."	"Well, I might also need physiotherapy, which can get expensive."
How is your wife doing after her surgery?	She's doing okay	Is there anything I can do to help?	I could really use help picking up the kids from school so my wife isn't home alone.	No problem! What time are they done?	They are done at three PM.
Can you get me a glass of water?	I will get you a glass. Do you want ice?	"Yes please, and a slice of lemon if you have it."	Sure. Would you like one slice or two?	Only one slice please.	Did you want a big glass or a small one?
Where are the beer bottles?	I put them in the recycle bin.	but they were still full!	"My house, my rules!"	"Fine, you'll find your coffee in the trash bin tomorrow."	As long as I find it hot and in my favorite mug.
Who won the Cubs game?	"I don't know, let me check the news."	"Check the homepage, it's bookmarked there."	"If you have it bookmarked, why not check yourself?"	"Because, you're sitting nearer to my computer."	"The computer is literally two inches from your hand. You're just being lazy, Tony."
Have you eaten sushi before?	I have not eaten sushi.	You should definitely try. It is the epitome of Japanese cuisine.	My grandpa was held prisoner by the Japanese for two years. I'm not interested in the epitome of their cuisine.	"Your grandpa is only 51. Give me a break, he was never a Japanese POW"	Why is a sushi conversation turning so dark?
How much does this cost?	too much money	What do you think would be a reasonable cost?	"About half what they're currently charging, I think."	Do you think you could dicker it down?	I didn't go to law school for nothing.
Can we go out dancing?	Yes I have to get dressed first.	I want to dance the salsa.	"That's fine, but you still need to put on pants first."	Maybe I'll invent a new dance that I dont need pants for!	I think there is a dance out there like that already.
Could you please get something out of my purse for me?	Sure. What do you need?	The beef jerky stick please.	I don't see it in here. Am I missing something?	Two eyeball and a brain by the sound of it.	You don't have to be rude!
"You are late, what happened?"	I got a flat tire.	"Okay, call me next time you're going to be late."	"I will, I'm sorry about that."	Just make sure you call me next time.	I will. Do you have a preferred number?
When do we go to the doctor?	Later this afternoon. Our appointment isn't until 3pm.	"Oh yeah! That is right! Silly me, I forgot!"	How could you forget something so important?	"My ADHD, which is why we're going."	What did you say? My alzheimers must be acting up.
How are you doing?	I am doing great!	Do you have anything special planned?	A nice hike to the mountains.	"Oh nice, which mountain range?"	"Not really a range, just some mountains about an hour north of my house."
Are my reports normal?	"I would say so, everything looks to be in order."	"Great, mind if I go ahead and leave then?"	"Sure, put them on my desk."	"All right. So, see you back when?"	"First thing tomorrow morning, sounds good?"
Do you have a restroom I could use?	Restrooms are for customers only.	I really need to go. Can I please use it?	"I'm sorry sir, but according to our policy you must buy something in order to use the restroom."	Ill buy a pack of gum then.	I can't believe I have to buy gum to use your restroom.
What can you cook?	I can cook lots of things.	Do you know how to make lasagna?	"Not really, but I can make a great omelet."	Can you make me a veggie omelet?	Sure I can.
Can you help me out here?	give me a minute	"OK, let me know when you're ready."	"Okay, I'm ready. What do you need?"	I can't reach this bottle on the top shelf.	I will get it for you.
Do you like going camping?	"I love camping, especially in the mountains!"	Where would you recommend?	Any of the national parks are great.	Which one is your favorite?	I like Yellowstone.
Did you win the contest?	No. I lost once again	Maybe you should take a break from it next year.	You lose all the contests you never join!	"OK, please don't yell at me."	I'm not yelling. I'm just excited.
Have you seen my black wool hat?	I think it's under the couch.	What's it doing under the couch?	The kids were playing dress up and hid it there.	You let the kids play with my hat? I got that in London.	"Ugh, they didn't hurt your hat."
Did you get the keys to the car?	Nah. I just hot wired it instead.	What? How did you learn how to do that?	My brother taught me when I was ten.	Was he a car thief?	"That's funny. But no, he learned from a cousin of mine who loved everything about cars."
Will you be going on vacation this summer?	"No, we are saving money to go on a trip this fall."	Oh! Are you looking to go someplace in particular?	"Yes, a National Park."	Which one?	Yellowstone. It had good reviews on travelocity.
When will you be home?	I'll be home later today.	What are you planning to do when you get home?	I thought I would make a banana cream pie.	Do you need me to get some bananas for you at the grocery store?	No thank you. I believe that we already have bananas in the house.
What have your tried?	I tried everything I could think of.	"Ok, well you've got to be more specific than that. What have you tried?"	"I tried sending an email, calling, texting and I drove over to his house."	Maybe you should leave a note on his car.	I don't want to seem like a total stalker.
May I have it?	Yes you may	Would you hand it over?	"Yes, of course."	Thank you! That was kind of you.	You're welcome. Do you want another one?
What is happening there?	It appears a man has died.	Has someone already called the police?	"Yes, the police and ambulance arrived about 10 minutes ago."	Is foul play suspected?	I don't think so.
Whose got the dill pickles?	they are in the fridge	Can I have the rest?	Can you leave me one for my burger tonight?	"Sure thing, no problem."	Should I stock up on dill pickles for the future?
Would you like a cup of tea?	"No, thank you, but I would take water."	Any preference for temperature?	Ice cold please.	Our refrigerator is broken and I have no ice. Is cold from the tap OK?	"Nah, I'll just go to Taco Bell and get some."
What time is it?	Half past four	What time do you want to start cooking dinner?	In about 45 minutes or so. You have time to relax for a little bit first.	Relax? You've spent the whole afternoon watching the Real Housewives!	you are more then welcome to start dinner yourself.
Do you like movies?	"Yes, I love horror movies."	Are you a fan of The Exorcist?	It was one of the first horror movies I saw!	What do you think of the sequels?	"Nothing's as good as the original, but they were OK."
Did you know our flight was delayed?	"yes, and I'm not happy about it."	"Me neither, but I am glad we leave first thing in the morning."	I suppose. Is the airline putting us up in a hotel for a night?	A dingy hotel on the other side of town was what I was told.	Sounds about right.
Can you please get me my phone?	"Sure, here it is."	I didn't want it back broken.	I didn't realize I had broken it.	The screen wasn't cracked when I loaned it to you.	"It was not intentional, I'm sorry"
Do you think driving your car causes climate change?	I think it contributes to global warming.	I agree with you!	What do you think we should do about it?	Make a commitment to use public transportation at least three days a week. It isn't much but it is a start.	But doesn't public transportation add to the problem as well?
How come you don't get fat eating all of this?	"Lucky metabolism, I guess."	"My metabolism is so slow that when I look at a piece of cake, I gain 5 pounds."	"That sounds awful, I would hate to feel that way!"	That's why I never look at fatty foods!	"You must, because you're still fat!"
Could you please open this for me?	Yes I can.	"Thank you very much, you must be strong!"	"Thanks, I work out."	Are you a member of a gym?	Yes I go every day.
What did you do last weekend?	I mowed my lawn.	"Did you get your seedlings planted, too?"	I did in the back yard.	"The same yard you mowed? Dude, you probably ripped them all up again!"	"Um, I mowed around them."
Why is it so hot today?	Because there is a heat wave.	Did you go outside? It is a scorcher!	"We really need to get our air conditioning fixed, can you call the repairman?"	Sure I will get that done right away.	"I sure hope they can come quickly, before we melt!"
Do you know her?	"no, we never met"	Then why does she tell me you're dating?	She said what? To whom?	Dude she has been telling everybody!	That girl is seriously crazy!
"Hello, where is a good place to eat?"	Try the steak house on the corner.	"Okay, do they know how to cook a steak?"	"I would assume so, since they do good business."	"Good to know, thanks."	your welcome dear.
Do you have the number for a cab?	"Yes, I will give it to you."	Thank you so much.	"Actually, I am going downtown. Do you need a ride?"	I would love one. What are you going downtown for?	I need some supplies.
Did you see the football game last night?	No. Football is like brain cancer.	What do you mean when you say it's like brain cancer?	I mean it's a waste of time that saps your energy needlessly.	Football is life! How can you say that!	"Football isn't life. If it is your life, you need to get a new one."
Have you seen this?	"No, what Is It?"	"I'm not sure, it looks like some kind of worm doesn't it?"	It's pretty gross.	Do you think we should capture it for the zoo?	I don't think they would be interested in such creature.
Did she call you yet?	"She hasn't called yet, but she did send a text a few minutes ago."	What did she say?	She said she was held up at work.	That's too bad.	I'm going to call her tonight.
And how are your children?	My children are fine.	That's good! I can remember when they were born!	I know. Hard to believe how much they've grown.	Yes it's amazing how time flies.	Indeed! it does.
Do you have the time?	"For you, yes."	"Aw, that's so sweet of you!"	"Thanks, it's 2:15."	I can't believe how late it is.	Time flies when you're having fun.
Do you come to school by bus?	No I walked today	"Makes sense, it's so nice out today."	Are you going to be able to make it home on time?	"I hope so, lets see what time I get out of here."	I can get my mom to give you a lift if you want?
What is for dinner?	Tonight we are having paella.	Are we having anything with it or just paella?	We'll have some rice and beans too.	That sounds delicious.	I'm glad you think so!
Have you been taking your meds?	Mind your own business for once! As soon as this month is finished I am moving out and finding a new roommate. I am sick and tired of you!	I was just trying to be nice since you look sick.	If you want to be nice then ask how you can help.	I'm sorry; I didn't mean to upset you. But you don't usually want any help.	"Sorry. I'm grouchy today, bro."
Can you help me?	"Yes, what do you need?"	This math problem is really stumping me up.	"Ok, let's go through it step by step to see where your problem is."	"Oh wait, I see what I was missing. Thanks for you help."	No worries. Anytime you need.
How did you like the movie?	It was great.	"Great like the Lion King was great, or Great like Captain America level great?"	"First of all, the Lion King is way better than Captain America, but it was only Wedding Crashers great."	That's not very great in my book.	What was wrong with Wedding Crashers?
WHat do you do?	I work as a window-cleaner.	Do you have to go up to tall buildings?	"Sometimes. And yes, it is a bit scary. I'm terrified of heights."	"Wow, the things we do for money."	"Yeah, a guy's gotta eat."
Is there any extra credit?	"On this particular class, no there is not."	"Oh my, looks like I will need a tutor."	I can tutor you.	That would be wonderful!	When would you like to start?
Could you please help me write out a list of things I need to ask the doctor?	How long until I'm well. Can I return to work? Do I need to limit my physical activity? Is this contagious?	"These are great, do you have a pen I can borrow?"	"Oh, sure, here's a pen."	Do you think I will have to get a shot? I hate needles.	We could always give you the shot in the rear so you can't see it coming.
Could you please call my attorney for me?	If you can give me his number I will.	"Yes, one second let me just look it up."	Have you found the number yet?	I'm looking for it now.	Ok I will wait.
Where we going tonight?	We're going to the movies.	"Great, could we see the new Batman film?"	I would rather see The Jungle Book.	"Let's see which one came out first and we'll go see that, since it probably won't be showing at the movies as long."	That sounds smart!
Do you like vegetables?	"No, not really. But I do like fried okra."	Last I heard that was a vegetable.	"Yeah, but when you fry it it's awesome."	It may be awesome but frying it basically takes all of the vegetable out of it!	"I eat for taste, it tastes great."
How much did that cost?	About three fifty.	"Wow, that is a good deal."	"You're telling me, it was quite a steal."	Where did you get it?	I bought it online through Amazon.
How is school going?	It's going well!	Have you made a lot of new friends?	"No, everyone hates me."	What makes you think everyone hates you?	They keep saying I hate you when they pass me in the hallway.
What kind of flowers do you prefer?	"I like orchids, remember!"	"Oh I thought you liked lilacs, weird."	Why would you think that?	I could have sworn I head you say it once	"Come to think of it, I might have said that quite a while back."
Can you try that one more time?	yes but it's the last time	"Why? If you loved me you would try, try, again."	Maybe we aren't right for each other anymore.	Well screw you then.	"Excuse me. You have no right to speak to me like that. If you are willing to let go this easily instead of working out our issue then maybe you are right, maybe we just aren't meant for each other."
What is the weather today?	It's sunny and hot.	What will it be like tomorrow?	"Tomorrow will be rainy, which makes me really sad!"	Why sad? I love the rain!	i was planning for a ride.
Will you pour me some water?	"Absolutely, I'd love to do that for you."	"Thanks, while you are at it, fix me a sandwich too."	Any thing else your highness?	"Not right now, but I'm sure I'll think of something later."	"Well, please don't hesitate to ring the bell if you do."
Will you be visiting me again tomorrow?	"For the last time, Princess, no. The dragon will keep you company."	"The dragon sucks at poker, though."	"Come on, it's great at Backgammon!"	Yeah but he insists we play poker.	Well ask the Ogre to play.
Where are you man?	I'm on the bus.	Where are you heading?	I'm going to Reno.	Why in the world are you going to Reno?	the question is why are you not going to Reno?
Can you inform Sarah and ask her to visit me?	I will ask her to visit you.	"I need you to inform her also, don't forget about it."	"I won't forget, don't worry."	"Ok, please don't and I just need to say inform again, it's my word of the day."	Thank you for informing me.
Wehn is your birthday?	It's October 15th.	What are you going to do to celebrate?	I'm having a quiet dinner at home with my daughter and my mom.	That sounds wonderful. Do you want to go out that weekend and the rest of us can help you celebrate?	well I am not sure
Have you seen him today?	No I saw no sign of him.	I have a message for him and I don't know when he will be back.	"Ok, well put a note on his desk then."	"Okay, I'll tape it to his computer screen."	"I am sure he will be in shortly, he's rarely ever this late."
What's the weather going to be tomorrow?	"Sunny at morning, but rainy at night"	"Perfect, I love nighttime storms."	I would like them more if they didn't scare my dog.	Just get a different dog then.	A dog isn't like a blender.
How long until the game starts?	I think it'll be another half hour	Great. I think it'll be a good game today.	I think so too with everything that has been going on with the team lately.	"I hope Suarez recovers soon, they still need him."	he will be available from next game.
What kind of breakfast foods do you like?	I really like french toast or danish.	"I'm not too hot on that, personally."	Well what breakfast foods do you prefer?	I prefer bacon and eggs.	"Okay, let's have omelettes then, I like bacon and eggs as well."
How is school going?	Going good. I'm getting straight A's	Great! We are so proud of you!	"Thanks, I just have to keep it up now."	When do you graduate?	Later on in June of next year.
Can you mail this for me?	"Yes, do you have a stamp?"	"I'm sorry, but I don't have one."	"Well, do you have fifty cents?"	Let me go check in my bag.	Give me as soon as you find.
Are you going in to work today?	I'm not going in today.	I feel sick.	Sorry to hear that. I'm not going in today just because I need a break. Julian is really starting to piss me off.	I hope you get fired.	You hope I get fired because of Julian?
How are you doing?	"I'm doing okay. A little tired, but otherwise fine."	"Oh no, why are you feeling tired?"	I have had trouble sleeping lately due to leg cramps.	Make sure to hydrate properly and get exercise.	"I've heard eating bananas and drinking milk helps too, because of the potassium and calcium."
Are you cooking tonight?	Yes every night this week.	Do you love cooking?	At times I do.	"Cooking is not my favorite thing. Eating, however."	well let you known what you want to eat tonight?
When will you be leaving?	I'll leave in about half and hour.	Are you sure that's enough time to get through security?	"Yes, it's enough time."	"I hope you're right, you can't miss your flight!"	"Don't worry so much, I will make it."
Could you pick up some groceries at the store?	Of cause. I'll do it on my way home from work	Awesome! Please get some milk and water.	Sparkling or plain water?	"Plain, and grab just half a gallon of milk, I don't want it going bad."	we can put it in refrigerator
Is Stacy coming this weekend?	No Next weekend	"I am so excited to see her, I can't wait!"	I think she has dyed her hair purple.	"Well, that sounds like Stacy."	She is always doing unique stuff isn't she!
Can I have a glass of water?	"Yes, you can grab it yourself. Cups are in the cabinet to the right."	Thank you so much.	"The ice maker in the fridge is broken, though."	"All right, no problem."	"I wish my husband would fix It already, but you know what they say about contractors and the projects In their own home, they never get done."
Do you want to take a study break?	"Sure, I could use some coffee"	"Great, let's go to the coffee shop on Main Street."	Can we stop by the corner store too? I would like to get a sandwich as well.	"Sure, food sounds good."	"So, let's go"
Do you know anybody?	Yes lots of people	How many of them are not white?	That's a pretty mean allegation.	Well you didn't answer the question.	I have a wide array of friends.
Can I see that?	"Yes, I'll send it to you once I get home."	I'll be waiting for your reply.	It may be a while. I am about three hours from home right now.	I had no idea!	Spur of the moment romantic weekend planned by my amazing husband. It was worth every single penny we spent.
What are you making for dinner?	I'm making spaghetti with meat balls	Great! I'll bring over some garlic bread.	Could you bring a salad too?	Sure I would be glad to.	I have soda. If you want beer you can bring that too.
Where is the remote?	"I don't know, I've been looking for it. I hope it didn't accidentally get thrown away."	Why would you say that? Did you accidentally throw it away?	If it was accidental how would I know?	"Yes, good point."	Did you check in the couch cushions?
Can I have an extra pillow?	"Yes, here it is."	Thank you very much. Sleep well!	Don't forget you're making breakfast in the morning.	What would you like me to make?	"I would love some eggs and bacon, and definitely coffee!"
Would you like something to drink?	A big glass of cold water would be great.	Coming right up!	"Thank you, I'm really thirsty!"	Would you like something to eat also? I have some delicious cookies.	"Cookies sound perfect, but do you have milk?"
Where is you car?	I left It at home and rode with a friend.	"I see, can I get a ride with them too?"	"Yeah sure, come right in."	Thanks! Taking a taxi would've cost me an arm and a leg!	Are you sure she will cool with one more passenger?
How is mutton prepared here?	We prepare it with white wine and onions.	Oh! That sounds amazing! I can't wait to try some!	"It's awesome, you'll love it!"	I sure hope so.	What is mutton?
Are Sam and Sarah still together?	I don't know!	I thought they were going to break up soon.	"Could be, I haven't heard."	I saw Sam with Heather the other day.	Did he say anything?
What date is the luncheon?	"If I remember correctly, the email said Friday the 23rd."	"Yea, I can't make it as I have to sleep in that day."	You are lazy.	No I am not!	Admit it. You can't stand Ralph.
"I haven't see you in ages, is everything ok?"	Everything is great!	Really? What's been happening?	I just got a new job and a new house!	That's great news. Do you want to meet up soon?	I would love to! How does next weekend sound?
What is the problem officer?	You were speeding.	I was? I never drive on this road and wasn't sure what the speed limit was.	You were 10mph over the speed limit.	"Sorry, I didn't see any posted speed limit signs."	"I will let you off with a warning this time, but please don't let it happen again."
What did he say?	"I'm not sure, I couldn't hear him."	"Yeah, the music was pretty loud!"	I had trouble hearing anyone.	I can barely hear you!	Maybe you should get your hearing checked.
Where are you my love?	I'm on my way to you.	How far away are you?	Stuck in traffic on the 405. I'll be a little late.	Don't forget we're having dinner with the Rattigans tonight.	you sure thats tonight?
Did you feed the cat?	I tried to give her some scraps but she wouldn't eat.	Why dont you give her her food rather than scraps?	I couldn't find it.	"It's in the cabinet, where it usually is."	"Yeah, no, I looked and there wasn't any, we must be out. I will run to the store."
What does this mean?	I'm not sure.	Why are you yelling at me?	"Sorry, I have a cold so I didn't realize."	All good. What is your best guess at the translation?	I have no clue.
What are your plans for Saturday?	I think I am going to hang out with some friends.	Can I come with?	"Sure, they'd love to meet you. How do you feel about sushi?"	"I'm not crazy about it, but if that's what everyone else wants, that's fine."	We can go somewhere else I guess
Is my message easy to understand?	"Maybe. In Picasso world. By which I mean no. No, it is not. It's bizarre and, frankly, disturbing. More therapy, Sarah. More therapy."	"I am just trying to portray In an artistic way, what I am thinking."	"Yea well, I think you're crazy Sarah."	"Yeah, well maybe I am crazy. crazy I tell you."	Crazy is good. Sometimes.
Can I go to the gym tonight?	Did you do your homework?	I finished it during study hall.	Then yes you can go to the gym. Have a good work out!	Thanks! I'm going to try out the new equipment tonight.	"Don't work out too much, I don't want you to end up looking better than me."
What kind of books do you prefer?	The kind with pictures. How about you?	I prefer short novels.	What's the last good book you read?	"I can't remember the name off the top of my head, but I'll let you know when I get home."	That sounds like a plan!
May I see a menu?	"Our menus are on the table along wall, please help yourself."	What would you recommend?	I would recommend the steamed snails with ginger.	"My gosh, how exotic."	We also have Alligator sauteed with our house special sauce. A true hit for the adventurous type.
Could you please call the electric company for me?	"Sure, what is their number?"	The number is in the address book next to the phone.	Is the address book the blue leather book?	"No, it is the little black book under the phone."	"OK, I'll get the number and make the call."
What's your favorite type of animal?	I prefer dogs.	"Dogs are mine favorite too, they are so loyal."	So much better than cats in my opinon.	Except tigers. Tigers are amazing.	They are so majestic.
Why haven't you been to the store yet?	l took a nap.	Could you try and go before the store closes?	"Yes, sure. I'm sorry."	It's ok but we really need diapers and milk.	I'll go in a minute.
Did you see the trailer for suicide squad?	Yes I can't wait for it to come out in theaters.	Should we go together to see it?	Why don't we get a group together?	Ok. I'll text everyone and see who wants to go with us.	This is going to be awesome.
Could you please put a movie on the television for me?	"Okay, anything in particular you want to watch?"	I really like 1940s melodramas.	Are you sure? I really can't stand that type of film.	I am sure. They are easy to ignore while I am studying.	"How about if I just read the dictionary in a monotone voice, it's just as boring as your movie choice."
What made you so tired?	I only slept 3 hours last night.	"Why, didn't you sleep well last night?"	My husband kept snoring.	Does he snore often?	Yes he is like a buzz saw.
Shall we have lunch now?	Yes please. I'm starving!	"Me too, I have been waiting for this all day."	"Sorry, you could have called me earlier if you were hungry!"	I didn't want to bother you!	I'm bothered now because im hungry!
Whose car is that?	It's my Uncle's car.	It's a really nice old car.	You like old cars hey? Me too.My favorite is the old Beattle.	"Yes, that's a classic."	"My Uncle buys cars at the wrecker and fixes them up. He's been looking for a Beattle for me, but they're hard to come by."
Have you seen our dog?	"No, I'm sorry. I haven't seen your dog but I will keep an eye out for it."	Thank you so much! He is my baby.	Maybe we should make some flyers and put a lost ad on craigslist.	Sounds like a great idea.	Do you want me to make a flyer for you?
Could you please change the TV channel to the news?	"Okay, where's the remote? Oh, here it is."	What do you think about this story?	I think It sounds too dramatic.	"Oh, well if that's what you think."	You did ask what I thought.
Do you want to go biking tomorrow?	If I can borrow your pump for my tires.	"Sure, if I can find it. I think I may have lent it to George and never got it back."	That sounds like George.	I'll call him and see if he still has it.	"Okay, cool. Thanks."
Where are you from?	"Fort Worth, TX"	How long have you lived there?	About twenty years.	Wow! what part of the city do you live in?	"I'm actually just below Fort Worth, by Waco."
Do you like fluffy dogs?	Of course I do. Who doesn't?	That's probably true.	Is this your way of hinting that you are getting me a puppy for my birthday?	No. Would you like one?	Yes! I would love a pomeranian!
"Sure, when do you want me to mail?"	as soon as possible	I can mail it for you tomorrow.	"That's good, thanks."	Is there anything else you need me to do while I'm out?	"No, that will be all thanks."
"Hi there, how are you?"	"I'm good, how are you?"	I've been better.	Oh no! What's the trouble?	I just lost my job.	I'm sorry to hear that! What happened?
"I'm hungry, want to go grab a bite to eat?"	"Yes, I'm starving!"	Cool! Let's go to KFC!	Does the KFC here have a buffet?	"No, no one would ever leave if they did."	Can you imagine trying to kick everyone out at closing time?
Do you like going fishing?	Yes it is very relaxing.	What do you try to catch?	Whatever's biting and if nothing bites that's OK too.	Let's go fishing this weekend.	"Sure, sounds great."
Where are we going?	Didn't you say you wanted to go back to that restaurant? I though that's where we were going to go.	"I'm sorry, I forgot about that. Let's go there!"	I'm not really that hungry anymore.	I'm not either.	Maybe we could just hang out at the park for a little while.
Can I get a ride?	"Sure, get in."	Can you drop me off at the store?	What do you need to buy?	Milk and bread. It's going to snow you know.	"You should get cheese and wine, that's much more fun."
Do you like orchids?	Yes they are very elegant flowers.	Do you grow them yourself?	"I try to, sometimes."	"I've tried too, but they always die on me."	They are very tricky to grow.
How many people have this disease?	15% of the population.	How many will die?	I estimate 10% of the people that get the disease will die.	How many will eventually survive?	it would be less than 5%
"I have arrived, where are you?"	I am next to the bar.	Which end of the bar?	Over by the drunk blonde.	"He does seem a bit tipsy, doesn't he?"	"Maybe , he shouldn't be served any more."
When did you start playing video games?	When my mum got me a Mega Drive for Christmas.	You have a great mom.	"yeah, she has a great kid too!"	And that kid is so modest!	"Yes, that's one of my best qualities, one of many."
Where is the nearest splash pad?	Just across the street.	Thanks! I can't wait to go get cooled off.	"It is horribly humid today, isn't it."	It sure is	"Don't take this the wrong way, but aren't you a little old to go to a splash pad by yourself?"
Can we go to the grocery store after the doctor?	"That's a great idea, because we need bread."	what else do we need to get?	we also need to get something for dinner.	What are we having?	"I found a new recipe to try out, Stuffed Squid."
Can I come over?	What time would you want to come over?	"I was thinking around six, right after work?"	Make it eight and you got a date.	Please make it before seven	"Okay, but I won't have time to cook then."
Did you see me in the crowd?	"Yes, it was hard to miss you with your rainbow coloured speedo and pink feather boa!"	"Haha, I always like to wear something special!"	"You're one in a million, George! Hey, how's Elaine doing?"	She's alright. Getting real sick of her pushing me around though.	"What is going on between you two, George?"
"I have sen a beautiful new car outside, is it yours?"	"Yes, the Altima is mine."	How is the mileage?	It's fantastic and so much better than my old SUV.	"I could never go from my SUV to a car, even for better mileage."	its economic. Saves Fuel.
Does the fur get in the way?	Of course not.	How often do you have to have Pickles groomed?	Once a month	Isn't that kind of expensive?	"I see it as an investment, because I like to believe Pickles loves me more when I get her groomed."
How have you been doing?	"Things went very well for me, thanks."	I'm so happy to hear that.	How are you doing? I heard that you have a new job.	"I do. I think it's going to be great, but I've only been there a week."	What do you think of it so far?
What brand is that?	It's Torrid! I love it.	How much was it?	I can not remember it was affordable though.	Where did you get it?	"Macys, nice sale."
Can you get me some washing powder on the way home please?	Yes I will call you to let you know when I pick it up.	Wonderful. I would also like a new corset and some ink bottles for my fountain pen please.	I wouldn't know which to get.	Let me look up pictures and I'll send them to you with my size ok?	OK I guess but what a random list.
What do you think about this?	Nothing. Absolutely nothing.	You're lying. It is scientifically impossible for people to think nothing.	What about if they are dead?	I don't think they count as people if they are dead.	so a dead person is no longer a person?
Do you like this song?	"Yes, I love the '80s."	What is your favorite song from the 80's?	I can't pick just one!	"That is true, there are just too many great hits!"	"I do love Bon Jovi, though."
So where are we heading to?	We are going to Florida.	What part of Florida?	I think the keys sound nice.	We better get some suntan oil on the way down. You know how I burn!	"I'm afraid suntan oil won't keep you from burning, better get sunscreen."
What time is it?	It's 10 AM.	We are late for the movies.	"Oh no, I can't believe it!"	Do you want to see another one?	"Yeah, I am OK with seeing a different movie. I'm flexible!"
What is your phone number?	I'll give it to you later.	"That's smart, shouldn't give your number to strangers."	"Just kidding, I'll give it now."	Thanks. I'll call.	Looking forward to it!
Have you ever had a a mango?	"Yes, it's one of my favorite fruits."	Aren't they delicious!	They really are wonderful in smoothies.	They are also great candied and dried.	"The first mango I ever ate was in Haiti, right off a tree!"
Are there any more peanuts?	"Yes, in the pantry."	I looked in there five times and I can't find them.	"Check behind the big box of oatmeal, second shelf, on the right."	You must have hidden them yourself.	Of course I did. I love peanuts!
Can you go out and play with my dog?	As long as he doesn't bite me.	"He won't, he's friendly."	Are you sure?	He only bit the mailman. You are not in a uniform.	okay it's fine then
What is today's lunch special?	A sandwich with cheese and salad.	"I'd like that, please."	Coming right up!	"Can I have a side of ranch, please?"	okay sure anything you want.
Do you have a pen?	"Yes, here you go"	"Thanks, appreciate it."	"No problem, please return it when you're done."	Sure I will	That's what you said last time.
What is the weather like outside?	Hot and Humid	Cool! That's the way I love it!	"Seriously, are you insane?"	"Yes, that means it's a great day for the beach."	"Ugh, it's too hot for me."
"This puzzle is hard, can you help me?"	I will help you when I have finished my work.	Can you at least move your computer so I can get to my corner pieces?	Just let me finish this email to Elisa.	"Please, I need to do this now."	What is so important about this puzzle that it can't wait for five minutes?
Where are you from?	I'm from the south	Which state? I'm from Georgia.	"Really? I'm from Duluth, a suburb just northeast of Atlanta."	Cool! My aunt lives in Duluth.	WHat part of Georgia are you from?
What genre of music do you like best?	I prefer hard rock.	"Do you like the 80s classics, or some of the newer stuff?"	"I like some of the newer, more modern type hard rock."	"Yeah, that stuff is okay, I guess. I'm all about the 80's though, myself."	"Well, because you're older than me."
What are the side effects and contraindications of this medicine?	"I am not sure, you may want to ask the doctor or pharmacist."	What's his number?	The doctor's number is posted right next to the phone.	Thanks. Could you call him for me?	Sure. Anything else you need for me to do?
How's your day going?	It is fine up to now.	What made it change?	"You really need everything spelled out for you, don't you?"	You really are a pleasure.	I think you're being sarcastic.
What did the doctor say?	It is all good. I am going to get well soon.	"Oh, praise the Lord for prayers answered!"	I was so relieved to hear the good news.	I was confident you were going to be OK.	Thank you for that confidence?
What are your plans this summer?	I'm going to unpack my house.	Would you like some help?	"That would be awesome, thank you!"	Hey no problem at all. It's pay back for when you helped me move.	You're a good friend.
"Will this hurt, doctor?"	not at all	Are you sure?	Need some one to hold your hand?	"No, I think I'll be ok."	It will be fine.
Can we go for a walk?	Yes! Let's do it!	Which dog do you want?	"I want to go for a walk with Mido, if you don't mind. He's my favorite dog."	"Sure, you take Mido and I'll take Taco. Those dogs love to go for walks."	"Yeah, they sure do."
When does the baseball game start today?	The baseball game starts at 4PM today.	That will be the perfect time to play! Not too hot!	No it will be hot.	Oh that's a bummer.	"Yeah, sorry, but I thought you should know so you wouldn't be surprised when we get there."
How was your night?	It was really nice.	What did you do?	Went out to eat at my favorite restaurant followed by going to the movies.	What did you eat there?	"I had one of their nightly pasta specials. It was zucchini substituted for pasta, I really liked it and I didn't feel as stuffed."
Can you please get me something?	No. Go eat a spoon.	Last time I ate a spoon I got a interesting x-ray as a ice breaker.	Your sarcasm is very subtle.	Unlike my hunger	"There's bologna in the fridge and pizza rolls in the freezer, you're capable of making your own lunch."
Did you start the new job?	"Yes, I started last Wednesday."	How are you finding it?	"A little challenging, but fun."	Do they have any other positions open? Maybe I should apply.	"Sorry, all the positions are filled now."
Is she from America?	"Yes, she is from Washington D.C."	"Oh, I would have never guessed."	What is that supposed to mean?	She looks like she is from another country based on the way she dresses.	You should never judge a person by their cover or even how they're dressed. Just because someone may look like a she is from another Country does not mean she was born here or lives here. Maybe she is dressed that way because she supports her heritage or culture.
Can you give me a ride?	"Yes, where are you going?"	I need to go to the grocery store.	"Okay, get some eggs."	You want me to get you some eggs?	"Yes, if you'd like me to make brownies I need some eggs."
Shall we have some snacks now?	"Depends, do we have any pretzels?"	"Yes, but they are covered in peanut butter."	That's fine by me.	I'll go get them. Back in a flash.	Will you grab the water bottle too?
Do you have any pets?	"Yes, I collect ferrets."	"Oh, well ferrets are pretty cool. I'll stop yelling now."	"Thank you, that is greatly appreciated. I can't imagine anyone doing this work right now appreciates that one guy who keeps yelling."	I am so sorry I keep yelling. I don't know how to turn my caps lock off.	It looks like you solved your problem.
Will you take me?	if you pay for petrol	I don't have a problem with that.	Then I can go as far as you need to go and as long as we are back on Sunday night.	Thanks! I really need to make this trip. Is there anywhere you would like to stop on the way?	"Yes, I have a friend who lives near the place you want to reach. It will just take a while."
Could you please ask the nurse to help me?	"Yes, I will go and bring her."	"Thank you, and please let the nurse know about my symptoms."	"Yes, I'll tell her you're feeling nauseous as well as dizzy."	I appreciate your help dear	"One last thing before you go, ask her if I could have a bite to eat or maybe some orange juice. Perhaps that would help me a bit."
Water is to fish as land is to blank?	Stegasauruses. But why on earth are you asking me this?	I was trying to teach you something.	Teach me what?	How to spell Stegasauruses correctly.	"That's a little bizarre, but I can spell Stegasauruses now."
How old are you?	I'm 32 years old.	When is your birthday?	My birthday is Jan 1st	My sister's birthday is the same day!	new year babies! what are you going to do?
What is for breakfast?	"Bacon and eggs, toast, coffee. There's fruit, too, if you want it."	Thats sounds delicious	Do you want cream In your coffee?	YES! And sugar.	Ok just a minute
Would you like to go see a movie together?	"I'd like to, but I'm not free for this week."	"We could go next week, just let me know."	"I am off work on wednesday next week, how does that work for you?"	That works for me. Do you want to go to the early or late showing?	"Let's hit the early showing and there will still be enough time to eat after, I hate eating before movies because you end up sitting there bloated."
Do you have any plans for tomorrow?	"Yeah, I need to go grocery shopping"	Can you buy me some pork chops and mac and cheese?	"Sure, is that all you need?"	yes I only need that	Really Ricky? You don't want pepperoni sticks or chicken fingers?
Do you know anyone I can call?	"Not really, but we can look for some numbers."	I appreciate your help.	"Sure, whatever you say."	What is that supposed to mean? You're either going to help me or not.	I just can't believe anything you say is all.
Can you solve this puzzle?	No I'm not that smart.	Don't say things like that about yourself.	"Oh come on, I just don't think that way."	You should just give it a try.	I'm not really a big fan of puzzles.
How much is the bottle?	The bottle is 50 cents.	Do you have fifty cents I could borrow?	"No, go find money yourself."	Don't you owe me $100?	I don't think so!
Which car do you use?	The white one.	That's a pretty car.	"Yes, but it is high maintenance."	Going to trade it in soon?	No because it's paid off.
What did you do today?	I worked in my garden.	In the rain?	Nothing like some rain to keep the heat away!	Its so dirty outside	"Well, the garden isn't going to weed itself."
How is your family?	"My family is fine, thank you."	That is great to hear.	"Yeah, how about yours?"	Mine is doing well thanks.	Is Martha coming home any time soon?
Do they sell tea?	"No, they only sell coffee"	I can't have too much caffeine this late.	Why not try the decaf with lots of milk?	I've never cared for decaf. I think I'll pass.	"They do have iced tea in a bottle, would you care for one?"
Can you get some tickets for the match?	"I can try, but it's unlikely at this late date."	"Call Saul, he always has some."	"Good thinking, where's my phone?"	I pawned it so we could afford the tickets.	"Seriously, Kim? You were not kidding when you said you were worried about your future."
Can I see you at 6?	"Yes, I'm free."	Do you want to grab a drink?	"Sure, why not?"	"Cool, where would you like to go?"	How about the bar in the hotel?
Can I get some comfort food?	Let me whip you something up.	"Thank you, my love."	Anything for you sweet cheeks!	"You like them cheekies, do ya?"	I like all of you not just your cheeks!
How about a game of Risk?	Sure I'd like that.	"Great, I'll get it set up."	Do you know how to play It?	"Yes, I've played this since I was a child."	Do you want us to put some special rules before starting?
Can you take the dog for a walk?	After I take a nap I will.	"That's fine, I will take him myself."	No I guess I'll do It now.	I can come with you if you'd like.	"No thanks, I will be fine!"
What would you like to eat?	How about pizza? Or maybe cheeseburgers? Either one would be good.	There is a burger joint on the left corner! Let's go!	"Great! And if you're hungry enough, let's split a milkshake."	I heard their milkshakes are delicious!	Ok sound good but has to be a chocolate shake.
Do you have change for a dollar?	"No, unfortunately I do not."	I know you're lying.	How would you know that? I spent all my change.	I'm sorry; I just really need the change.	For what? The bus?
Do you know how to make coffee?	Instant coffee or with beans?	"With beans, of course! I can't stand instant coffee."	Instant coffee is what kept my family afloat during the Depression!	"And people rode boxcars, we're in the 21st Century now."	That was random! Ha ha.
Are you having trouble reading my message?	I can read your message.	I was having problems with messages earlier.	Your message Is clear now.	I wonder what the problem was?	Was your data turned on?
Can we go to the market later?	"OK, I will wait."	Thanks. I have to run an errand soon.	You're going to see him again aren't you?	Stop being so paranoid!	why can't you tell me the truth?
Do you have a snapchat?	"No, I do not."	You so need to get it!	What does it do that Instagram doesn't do?	Snapchat deletes the pictures instead of saving them.	And that's a good thing?
Can you repeat that?	"No, I've repeated it too many times already"	You don't have to be rude.	Well listen up next time and I won't have to repeat.	Can I speak to your manager please? This is the worst customer service I have ever received.	I am the manager.
Did Steve bring over the book he borrowed today?	"Yes, It's on the table."	Did he take the other one I left out for him?	No he said that he was able to check it out from the library after all.	"Okay, better for me I didn't want to give it to him anyway"	"Why, isn't he responsible?"
Where are you going?	I'm going pick my daughter up from school.	"Okay, I need to talk with you after you get back home."	Sure. Is everything okay?	"Do you want the bad news first, or the good?"	Always choice the bad news first. whats wrong?
How many days will you be gone?	I'll be gone for 3 days	What time will you be home that third day?	"Probably by eight at night, I think."	Do you want to meet up that night for dinner?	"Sure, does nine sound good for you?"
Is there anything else on TV?	"No, it's all reruns."	"Great, put on Gilligan's Island"	"No, let's go for a run instead."	You go for it. I'm just going to veg.	Stop being so lazy.
How often should I take this?	Three times a day with food.	I'm getting so tired of always taking medicine to feel good!	Have you thought about alternative medicine? Perhaps acupuncture?	No the doctor said that I would feel better if I lost weight and quit eating processed food all of the time.	may be you should try meditation
What do you do in your free time?	I like to sew my own clothes.	Where did you learn how to do that?	My mom taught me as a kid.	My mom taught me how to knit.	I wish I could knit!
How long does it take for this medicine to work?	It usually takes about 30-40 minutes.	This headache really hurts.	"Yeah, well, you need to wait for the medicine to start working."	Is there any way I can speed it up?	Not really. Drink a glass of water and go lay down.
Will I be discharged soon?	"Yes, once all the paperwork is processed."	How long will that take?	"Oh, about 5 business days."	That is so long!	I apologize about the delay.
Could we please go out somewhere?	No I would like to stay in.	Why so? Are you tired or plain boring?	I just don't feel like leaving the house. Let's watch a video and drink some wine.	"Fine, but, can we at least order some takeout?"	I think that's a great idea. Chinese or Moroccan?
Can I use your phone?	Sure you can	Thanks a lot!	"But, please don't fiddle with the settings."	I wouldn't do that to you!	You've done it before!
How are you getting to the shops?	Taking the bus	Can I come with you?	"Sure, let's go!"	I don't have bus money though.	"That's okay, I have some extra bus tickets. You can pay me back later."
How is work going?	"It's hard, but going good."	What's hard about it?	Everything about it!	There's always that 1 thing about work we all dread.	I guess it isn't the job itself. It's the transition that I am encountering. Going from part time to full time is a big adjustment.
Are you in school?	I am on the way to school.	"No, I meant are you currently studying?"	Yes I study biology.	And what else?	"I take english, math, and art too."
Did you take all the medication given to you?	"No, I stopped taking it after a few days because of the funny side effects."	What kind of side effects were you having?	"Well I could pass through walls, disappear, and fly."	"Wow, that must have been a bit scary."	Just a bit!
How often do you come here?	I come here once a day	Do you like it here?	It is rather peaceful and reminds me of my youth.	I had no idea you thought so highly of McDonald's.	It's the little things in life that make you happy.
Did she ever buy the rug?	"No, she hasn't yet."	What's she waiting for?	She is waiting for the sale next week.	"Well, I hope no one beats her to it. It's going to be crazy with the sale."	"I know, I warned her already."
"Oh my goodness, what is this mess?!?"	"I can explain! I was trying to make dinner for us, but then I sort of forgot to check the oven was empty before I preheated it."	We need to clean this up right now!	"Does We mean that you're going to help I hope? After all, it was you who decided the oven was a good place to store all your Ladies Home Journal magazines from the 1980s."	I'll tell you what. I'll help clean if you order us some pizza!	"Pizza and oven cleaning, sound like an enjoyable evening!"
Do you like to drink milk hot or cold?	"Either way, but I prefer it cold."	False. Hot milk is superior.	That's just weird. You're weird.	"Of course I'm weird, I like to watch videos of cats mating and I enjoy cleaning litterboxes."	"Okay, thanks for sharing. You want to come to my house and clean my litter boxes?"
Could you please set the alarm for me?	I set the alarm for 6 am	"Thanks, I need to be at work by 7 am."	Is 6am a good time for you to wake up?	"Yes, that should be fine."	"Okay, I will see you in the morning."
How long have you lived here for?	I have lived here for two years.	Do you like the area?	Not really. I wish that paper mill would go stick some other area.	But you're the paper mill's owner!	"CEO, not owner. The location is not up to me."
Have you ever gone camping?	"Yes, it's a lot of fun."	I hated it when I went last Summer.	Really? What didn't you like?	"The bugs, that were everywhere, and the lack of a bathroom."	"You are right. I was lying before when I said it was fun, I just said that because people expect it. Really camping is ridiculous- it's like paying to be homeless."
"Hi, where are you?"	I'm just crossing over the Allegheny Bridge. I should be home in about 15 minutes.	Dinner will be waiting for you on the table.	What Is for dinner?	Pesto salmon with rice and green beans.	"Ooh lovely, my favorite! Can't wait to get home."
"Hello, How are you?"	"I am well. Now, go make me a sandwich."	I'm not the maid!	"No, but you're my husband."	Very funny dear.	I'm not kidding.
Where is your bathroom?	Down the hall and to the left.	do you know if it's occupied?	Go find out yourself.	"If you're in that kind of mood, maybe I'll just go home."	"Just kidding, it's available."
What did you do to make your arm sore?	I was cleaning out the attic this weekend. We had lots of heavy boxes.	You are supposed to lift with your legs.	My legs don't go up that high.	Next time get help.	I don't think you got the joke there bud.
What time is the event?	It is at 6 tonight. Please don't be late!	Why would I be late?	I know that you have to work until 5:30 and it will take you 20 minutes to get there.	I made arrangements to get off early.	Perfect. Thanks for thinking ahead to arrange to leave early.
When are you going on vacation?	We leave in August.	Will you be back before the wedding?	I'm afraid not.	But you already RSVP'd.	Well then why did you even ask?
Are you allergic to anything?	I have an allergy to peanuts and hydrocodone.	That's a pain.	Literally when you can't have the hydrocodone or your throat swells!	Do you have any other dietary restrictions?	"Well aside from eating peanut butter, a gift from the gods and all other things containing peanuts, no."
What is she like?	She's not very nice	Well that's a huge let down.	She's an amazing artist though.	Maybe you just caught her on a bad day.	NO. She really looks horrible.
What kind of car do you drive?	I drive a Porsche.	Oh. Well isn't that fancy.	"No need to get your knickers in a knot over it, you were the one who asked."	You must have Napoleon syndrome.	"Who are you, Sigmund Fraud? Get it, fraud?"
What did you do yesterday?	Mostly worked on my thesis.	Please tell me you didn't sleep in the library again?	"I wish I could tell you that, but I can't."	Why can't you tell me?	I have not slept in two days.
How are you doing?	"Very well, thank you"	That's great to hear as I have been worried since the incident.	"Oh, right. It did take a little while to recover, but I'm back to normal now!"	"Great, want to go for a hike with me this weekend?"	Hike? How about a walk? I haven't tested my knee on high terrain yet.
Was there a lot of traffic on your way over to see me?	"Yes, there was a lot of traffic on my way."	I'm glad you made it.	I hope there's not as much traffic on my way home.	Traffic has been bad lately because of all the construction work on the interstate.	I should have known that.
Would you like me to drive?	"OK, maybe that's a good idea. I am getting a bit tired."	"Alright, just pull over at the next rest stop."	Sounds good to me. Thanks.	No problem. How are we doing for gas?	Still have 3/4 tank.
Can you meet me for coffee?	"Yes, coffee sounds great."	We have a lot of papers to go over.	I will see you at 3 tomorrow.	Can we make it 2?	OK 2 seems fine.
who is she?	She is my great grandmother.	How old is she?	I think she is 83.	Wow that is really old.	You are extremely rude.
"I haven't heard back yet, do you think I should call them?"	You should call to let them know you're serious.	"They know I'm serious about the job, but are you sure it won't come across as desperate?"	When did you turn In the application?	Two days ago and I talked to the hiring manager a little when I turned it in.	I think give them a week.
Can you bring me some salt for the chicken?	"Okay, do you know which cabinet it is in?"	"Yeah, it's the white one to the left."	Here you go!	What other spices are you adding?	I've got that Italian herb blend you like to go on the chicken.
Where are you going this weekend?	Headed to D.C. to offer my advice to the president again.	What exactly are you going to advise him to do?	"Sorry, I signed an NDA. That information is classified."	"Well, as long as you are there, be sure to give him my regards, won't you?"	I sure will! Would you like me to bring back a pastry from your favorite bakery near the Whitehouse?
Will you do me a favor?	Depends. Does it involve socks again?	Yes. I lost one in the dryer. Again.	I will find it for you.	Thank you so much!	You're welcome. You know how much I like socks.
What do you want for Christmas?	I would love a new science fiction novel for Christmas!	"Great, what kind of science fiction do you like?"	"Anything, would you surprise me?"	"Well, it won't be much of a surprise now."	I'd still enjoy seeing what you would pick for me.
Who will you vote for in the election?	"I haven't decided yet, have you?"	"I'm still undecided, too."	"I'm not really excited about the options, to be honest."	Feels like a loss no matter who I vote for.	I might just make up a candidate and pencil them in.
What kind of movies do you like?	I love horror movies!	Do you get scared when you watch them?	Yes that's the fun of it.	Want to go and see one right now?	"No way, I hate horror movies!"
Why doesn't she visit me?	She is working long hours.	"Oh. Tell her hello for me, please?"	I sure will.	"I wish she would not have to work such long hours, it's very stressful on her."	"I agree, it sucks."
Can you bring my jacket?	"Sure, which one do you want?"	The black leather one with the ruffles please.	There's a pair of gloves here. Shall I bring them too?	Yes please. I hate cold hands.	Do you want a hat too?
Can you please ask for directions?	"No, but you can"	You know how terribly shy I am.	"You're right, I'll ask for you."	"Thank you, that is so sweet of you."	You're welcome. I love you.
Why does he do things like that to me?	"He's just a jerk, that's why."	He will grow up someday.	Hopefully he grows up soon!	Let's slash his tires to teach him a lesson.	That's sinking to his level!
What's your favorite restaurant?	My favorite restaurant is Mahabhog Restaurant.	I thought they closed that place down	"No, that was the place next door."	Then we should go to Mahabhog tonight.	I would rather try somewhere new.
